[TITLE]Mike Ashley’s Frasers Group Launches a Summer Offensive in Europe:
[TEXT]
LONDON — It’s been a frenetic summer for Mike Ashley‘s Frasers Group, which has launched an offensive on retail brands ranging from Harvey Nichols in the U.K. to Hugo Boss and Puma in Germany.

Now, Frasers has raised its stake in Burberry to 4.16 percent from 3.05 percent via a series of put options, proving just how eager the group is to keep its name in the headlines, bolster share prices and have a bigger say in how companies — especially ones that are struggling — do business.

You May Also Like

Known here as the Grim Reaper of the high street, Ashley pounces on companies where he perceives weakness, and does what he can to bounce out the executives he doesn’t like.

Although it’s unlikely that Frasers, owner of fashion retailers Flannels and Frasers, Savile Row tailor Gieves and Hawkes and mass market brands Sports Direct and Evans Cycles, will take over Burberry, it’s clear the group wants to flex its muscles, and have a little fun.

Frasers’ attentions also bolstered the Burberry shares. They closed up nearly 5 percent at 11.93 pounds on the London Stock Exchange on Wednesday, a day after Frasers’ move was first disclosed. Frasers’ shares closed up 2 percent at 8.16 pounds.

Burberry does not comment on shareholders, while Frasers did not reply to a request for comment.

Michael Murray Courtesy of Frasers Group, Louis Bamford Dink

Frasers is nothing if not restless in its pursuit of power — on the shop floor or in the boardroom.

The Burberry move comes just weeks after the board of Hugo Boss urged shareholders to say “no” to an unsolicited offer from Frasers. The board argued that Frasers’ 38 euros per share proposal does not adequately reflect the brand’s prospects and “future value creation potential.”

Boss also poured cold water on Frasers’ intentions, arguing that its offer was opportunistic and “does not envisage specific changes or measures affecting current business activities” of the company or its commercial and strategic objectives.

After Frasers first made the offer in June, Jefferies said shareholders would likely resist a full-blown takeover due to the “considerable requirement, in terms of both cash and management bandwidth, that a deal of this scale would absorb.”

Jefferies added that Frasers is “significantly exposed” to the Hugo Boss share price, which may have prompted the bid.

Frasers has refused to hike the offer and, according to media reports, wants to install Michael Murray, Ashley’s son-in-law and Frasers Group CEO, at the helm of Boss.

That would knock out industry veteran Daniel Grieder, former CEO of Tommy Hilfiger Global, who is spearheading the Boss revitalization strategy, Claim 5 Touchdown, which runs through 2028.

Daniel Grieder Courtesy of Hugo Boss

Frasers is also said to be one of the U.K. bidders for Harvey Nichols, alongside Next and a series of international investors. Industry sources said Ashley is particularly keen to get his hands on Harvey Nichols’ Knightsbridge store (although there are only five years left on the lease) and the Edinburgh unit, too.

But luxury has proven tricky territory for Frasers in the past.

In 2023, Frasers bought Matches for 52 million pounds in a fire sale and then put the retailer into administration a few months later, arguing it was too expensive to fix.

It then repurchased the intellectual property and nontangibles belonging to the store, a move that rocked the industry and forced designers and longtime Matches suppliers to scramble for money and find new sales channels.

Last year, Frasers sold the Matches IP to the founders of the members shopping app Mile. Matches will become part of a new group called Hulcan, formed by Mile cofounders Joe Wilkinson and Mario Maher.

Two years ago Ashley attempted to take over Mulberry, but the board and majority owner Christina Ong successfully fought him off.

As this summer’s dramas play out, one thing’s for sure: Frasers always finds new ways of rattling its saber — and keeping brands and fellow retailers guessing.
[Source link]: http://wwd.com/business-news/business-features/mike-ashley-frasers-group-launches-summer-offensive-europe-1239086750/


[TITLE]Vinted taps DHL’s Germany collection points to expand second-hand market:
[TEXT]
Vinted, one of Europe's largest marketplaces for buying and selling pre-owned items between private individuals, will direct customers in Germany to ship or exchange goods through DHL Group's (XETRA: DHL) network of parcel lockers and digital kiosks, under a new strategic partnership aimed at making peer-to-peer purchases as convenient as ones through online retailers.

Private-party sales of used items through online marketplaces have become very popular in Germany. According to the latest DHL E-Commerce Trends Report, 67% of online shoppers in the country have already sold items via a digital platform.

Vinted and DHL announced Wednesday they are working together to expand and simplify the shipping and collection of Vinted parcels through DHL's network of Packstations (automated, self-service locker systems that allows users to send, receive and drop-off parcels around the clock), Poststations (digital Deutsche Post retail outlets where users can take care of postal business) and DeinFach lockers (a carrier neutral parcel locker network).

DHL operates the most extensive parcel shipping network in Germany, including 41,000 parcel drop-off and collection points at post offices, parcel shops and automated facilities.

The Vinted collaboration builds on a multi-month pilot program that both companies recently completed, DHL spokeswoman Sarah Preuss explained in an email message.

A particular focus is on the locker-to-locker shipping option, which is expected to be used more widely on the platform in the future, the companies said.

Using DHL Packstations, Vinted sellers can drop off parcels any time, while buyers can collect them whenever it suits them. Shipping via Packstations is already available without prior registration. In addition, Vinted buyers do not need to register for the Packstation service in order to receive parcels at a Packstation. The collection code required for pickup is sent by DHL via email and will also be available directly through Vinted in the future.

A resident in Duisberg, Germany, collects a package from a DHL Packstation. (Photo: DHL Group)

"Reselling used goods online has evolved from a niche activity to an everyday phenomenon within just a few years. As a result, expectations regarding shipping are rising. People buying and selling privately want shipping to involve as little effort as possible. … Many people want to send or collect parcels independently of opening hours. This is exactly why automated solutions such as Packstations are becoming increasingly important. That is also why we will continue to invest heavily in expanding our automated network in the years ahead," said Benjamin Rasch, head of sales and products, Post & Parcel Germany, DHL Group.
[Source link]: https://finance.yahoo.com/small-business/articles/vinted-taps-dhl-germany-collection-162615559.html


[TITLE]L’Oréal CEO Talks Strategy as Q2 Results Beat Expectations:
[TEXT]
NEW YORK — L’Oréal’s second-quarter revenues broadly beat market expectations, registering 6.3 percent adjusted like-for-like growth.

That compares to consensus of 5.6 percent.

Group sales in the three months ended June 30 reached 11.62 billion euros. For the first half, company sales were 23.78 billion euros, up 6.5 percent on an adjusted like-for-like basis.

Nicolas Hieronimus, L’Oréal chief executive officer, shared highlights from the six-month period, headlined by the beauty market’s dynamism.

“We’ve seen it accelerate a bit between Q2 and Q1,” he said. “So we consider the market at the end of the first half is around 4.5 [percent], where it was at 4 before. It’s true in every region, maybe with the exception of Latin America, versus last year.

“In all regions it’s holding — midsingle-digit in America, in Europe,” Hieronimus continued. “It’s positive in North Asia. It’s very dynamic double-digit in SAPMENA. And we are clearly outperforming based on two things.”

One is the acceleration of innovation. “My other definition of AI is ‘accelerated innovation,’” Hieronimus said. “We’ve had like 250 basis points of innovations in this first half, which is two-and-a-half times more than last year. So this beauty stimulus plan that I had called upon is really happening, and the products we launched last year are doing great. The ones we’ve added in the first half — and that’s where we made a difference, whether [it’s] CeraVe sun care, Armani Power of You fragrance, the new hair care of Elseve — they’re all doing great.”

He explained innovation makes a major difference to both animate the market, but also to outperform the very buoyant beauty category. “So you have to be at the forefront of innovation,” Hieronimus said.

Number two is e-commerce domination. “We are growing at plus 18 percent in e-commerce, when the market is like somewhere around 9 or 10,” he said. “So almost twice the market and gaining share. This is due to our digital expertise, the way we work on influencers and how we manage to leverage the different platforms.”

Hieronimus said L’Oréal made lots of progress on TikTok and continues to thrive on Amazon.

In terms of P&L, the group has managed, despite the impact of tariffs, to slightly increase its gross margin by 10 basis points. “And a good control of our SG&A has allowed us to invest more in media behind these innovations,” Hieronimus said, adding that has accelerated the company’s growth.

L’Oréal is gaining in all divisions and all regions. “That’s something I’m excited about,” Hieronimus said.

He believes that such dynamism will continue in the second half for the beauty market and company, and remains “ambitious and confident that we can have a good momentum.”

When asked
[Source link]: http://wwd.com/beauty-industry-news/beauty-features/loreal-ceo-talks-strategy-q2-results-beat-expectations-1239086728/


[TITLE]Robinhood Takes an Option Out on Owning Customer Transactions:
[TEXT]
Tokenization and AI could extend that model beyond traditional brokerage. Tokenized assets offer a path to global distribution, while agentic trading positions Robinhood for a future in which software — not just consumers — initiates financial transactions.

The competitive advantage will come from orchestration, not product count. Robinhood must make its expanding portfolio operate as one connected system rather than a collection of features, using shared identity, data and money movement to increase customer wallet share.

Robinhood is evolving from a trading app into a financial distribution platform. Banking, credit cards, retirement accounts, prediction markets and Gold membership are designed to turn a single-product customer into a broader, recurring financial relationship.

Robinhood is moving beyond its original role as a retail broker. And that’s despite the fact that the second-quarter 2026 results shared company’s Wednesday (July 29) earnings call looked like a victory for its trading business.

By completing this form, you agree to receive marketing communications from PYMNTS and to the sharing of your information with our sponsor, if applicable, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions .

Complete the form to unlock this article and enjoy unlimited free access to all PYMNTS content — no additional logins required.

“The business is firing on all cylinders,” said Shiv Verma, chief financial officer of Robinhood. “We delivered record revenues and drove new highs across equity, option, and event contract volumes, as we continue to win market share. Our product velocity continues to deliver new products for customers and drive a more diversified business, with Robinhood Legend and the Credit Card business joining our growing roster of now 13 different business lines that have reached $100 million-plus in annualized revenues.”

Robinhood reported record quarterly revenue of $1.3 billion, up 32% from a year earlier, alongside $22 billion in net deposits and a 57% adjusted EBITDA margin. Activity reached new highs across equities, options and prediction markets, while the company added its strongest quarterly funded customer gain in almost five years to brush up against the 1 million number.

But executives stressed that Robinhood’s next phase is not primarily
[Source link]: https://www.pymnts.com/earnings/2026/robinhood-takes-an-option-out-on-owning-customer-transactions/


===== Company info for companies mentioned in news =====

Company name: frasers group
symbol: ZVX.F
market_cap: None
pe: None
enterprise_value: None
ebitda: None
revenue: None
net_income: None
cap_bucket: None
as_of: 1785464585
name: frasers group
------------------------------------------------------------------

Company name: l’oréal
name: l’oréal
symbol: None
note: no reliable listing found
------------------------------------------------------------------

Company name: robinhood
symbol: HOOD
market_cap: None
pe: None
enterprise_value: None
ebitda: None
revenue: None
net_income: None
cap_bucket: None
as_of: 1785464585
name: robinhood
------------------------------------------------------------------

Company name: vinted
name: vinted
symbol: None
note: no reliable listing found
------------------------------------------------------------------

================================================================================

[Failed to load article at https://financialpost.com/globe-newswire/tilray-brands-delivers-record-fiscal-2026-revenue-and-adjusted-ebitda-demonstrating-the-strength-of-its-diversified-global-platform-across-cannabis-beverage-hospitality-and-wellness]


[TITLE]Dior Revival Breaks Losing Streak at LVMH Fashion Division:
[TEXT]
PARIS — Dior is starting to feel the Jonathan Anderson effect.

The French fashion house saw double-digit sales growth with American and Japanese clients in the second quarter, helping parent company LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton’s key fashion and leather goods division break a two-year losing streak.

The unit, which also includes brands such as Louis Vuitton, Loro Piana and Celine, posted organic sales growth of 1 percent in the three months to June 30, following seven consecutive quarters of declines.

This was in line with analysts’ estimates, amid mixed results from sector peers that indicate luxury brands are increasingly dependent on a small cohort of ultra-wealthy clients, while aspirational consumers remain squeezed by inflation and geopolitical turmoil.

You May Also Like

“LVMH demonstrated its solidity and effective strategy. Our maisons — which remained focused on ensuring the utmost quality in our products, and several of which are pursuing their creative renewal — continued to inspire dreams and enhance their desirability,” Bernard Arnault, chairman and chief executive officer of LVMH, said in a statement.

“Accelerating growth in the second quarter arose in particular from the success of Jonathan Anderson’s first designs for Christian Dior, the remarkable performance of Louis Vuitton’s exceptional new stores in Beijing and Seoul, and Tiffany and Bulgari’s iconic lines,” he added.

Cécile Cabanis, chief financial officer of LVMH, said Dior performed better than the fashion division average in the first half, with momentum reflecting the arrival in stores of Anderson’s first products since taking over as creative director of women’s and men’s collections last year.

“When it comes to Dior, all clienteles were up in [the first half],” she told analysts and reporters on a webcast after the market close on Monday.

The brand has seen good uptake for women’s ready-to-wear and leather goods, ranging from new introductions like the Cigale handbag to updates of pillar collections like the Lady Dior, she noted.

“We’ve made a lot of progress,” Cabanis said. “What we are offering is getting success, and there will be more to come.”

While acknowledging Dior has hit speed bumps amid reported shortages of some key styles, Cabanis said she was confident in the general direction of business.

“Whenever you start with creative renewal, and you are in a transition, it’s a bit more complex for your supply chain,” she said. “The trend is positive and accelerating, so I think it’s what matters.”

Feeding the Pyramid

Growth at Vuitton was in line with the division average, with the brand leveraging the 130th anniversary of its signature Monogram motif to return its pillar Speedy and Alma handbag lines to growth, in addition to launching the Monogram Emblème collection, featuring jacquard instead of the traditional coated canvas.

Special-edition Louis Vuitton bags for the 130th anniversary of the Monogram. Courtesy of Louis Vuitton

The house is also seeing progress on women’s rtw, jewelry and perfume, while customers are flocking to its experiential flagships in Seoul and Beijing, opened late last year. The Louis Vuitton Hotel pop-up in London was a commercial success, Cabanis reported.

LVMH has been strategically offloading assets as it focuses on brand reboots under new creative directors at Dior, Celine, Fendi, Loewe and Givenchy. The group revealed in May it was selling Marc Jacobs to WHP Global, having divested its stakes in Stella McCartney and Off-White over the last two years.

Newness has become crucial in the battle to woo and retain VICs, with the top 0.1 percent now accounting for around 23 percent of global expenditure, according to a recent research note by Bernstein analyst Luca Solca and his team. They estimated that 70 million aspirational consumers have exited the market since 2023.

“Selling more to existing consumers will require sustained relevance and a higher innovation tempo. As the inflow of new middle-class consumers slows, brands must lean more heavily on their installed base of repeat clients and VICs, who already own the iconic essentials and will only part with additional money for genuinely new and compelling products,” it noted.

“This is pushing brands to accelerate innovation, whether through category expansion, product refresh or increased brand investment, to remain differentiated, interesting and culturally relevant,” the Bernstein report said.

Cabanis said LVMH continues to court new customers with products at all price ranges.

“Where wealth is created, consumer appetite for luxury — and for our products in particular — is strong,” she said. “It’s very important to continue to nourish the pyramid, so both the very exclusive clients and the aspirational, because we need to continue to recruit.”

At Vuitton, for example, the handbag offer ranges from the recently launched Squire East West and Multipass styles, priced from $2,470 to $3,350, to the Speedy P9 handbag, which retails for upward of $10,000 and is aimed at the “very exclusive, high net worth individual” and has a growing waitlist, she explained.

Elsewhere in the division, Loro Piana and Rimowa are still outperforming, while Celine is seeing progress quarter-to-quarter, with Michael Rider’s ready-to-wear, shoes and soft versions of the Triomphe handbag resonating with consumers.

Loro Piana spring 2026 Courtesy of Loro Piana

At Fendi, there are signs of improvement, although Maria Grazia Chiuri’s debut collection is only just arriving in stores. “We are very confident that these two brands will continue to make progress,” Cabanis said.

LVMH benefited from a positive comparison basis, since organic sales of fashion and leather goods dropped 9 percent during the same period a year ago. Excluding the impact of the ongoing conflict in the Middle East, the division would have posted organic growth of 2 percent in the second quarter, Cabanis said.

The Chinese Exception

The industry bellwether reported group net profit was flat at 5.7 billion euros in the first half of 2026, beating a consensus forecast of 5.22 billion euros in a poll of analysts conducted by Visible Alpha.

Profit from recurring operations was down 4 percent to 8.69 billion euros, equating to an operating margin of 22.5 percent. Currency fluctuations wiped 686 million euros from the operating profit.

Overall revenues were flat at 19.52 billion euros in the second quarter, representing a rise of 3 percent in organic terms.

The wines and spirits division continued its recovery with a 5 percent increase in organic sales, while perfumes and cosmetics remained under pressure, registering a 1 percent decline.

The watches and jewelry unit was a bright spot, with organic sales up 11 percent, confirming the strength in hard luxury seen elsewhere. Rival Compagnie Financière Richemont said jewelry sales jumped 24 percent and watch sales were up 8 percent during the same period.

At LVMH, jewelry sales recorded double-digit growth in the second quarter, with Tiffany and Bulgari progressing in the mid-teens, fueled by demand from the U.S., Japan and South Korea, Cabanis said.

Atmosphere at Tiffany & Co. store on June 24 in Costa Mesa, Calif. Savion Washington

Tiffany, which continues its store renovation drive, saw sales of its HardWear collection jump 75 percent during the quarter, while Knot was up almost 50 percent, she noted. Sales in the watch division, which includes Tag Heuer and Hublot, remained in negative territory during the second quarter.

Selective retailing maintained its momentum with a 6 percent increase, after DFS sold its travel retail business in Greater China to China Tourism Group Duty Free. LVMH has also entered into an agreement to sell the Los Angeles and San Francisco airport concessions to Duty Free Americas, and DFS Okinawa to Swiss-based travel retailer Avolta.

All regions saw a sequential improvement in sales in the second quarter, except for Asia. Group organic sales were up 6 percent in the U.S., 14 percent in Japan, 4 percent in the rest of Asia and flat in Europe.

Cabanis said Chinese demand overall was flat during the quarter, with spending shifting from domestic to overseas shopping.

“Chinese local consumption is high by historical standards. What we are already seeing is that Chinese demand is increasingly clustered around shopping events,” she said.

The executive declined to comment on the potential fallout from Vuitton’s highly publicized trademark infringement case against Chinese beverage brand Molly Tea, which has sparked fiery debate around cultural heritage and its preservation.

LVMH is the first major French luxury player to report second-quarter results this week. Kering will follow on Tuesday and Hermès International on Wednesday.
[Source link]: http://wwd.com/business-news/financial/dior-revival-losing-streak-lvmh-fashion-division-1239084268/


[TITLE]Food Additives Market to Reach $178.11 Billion by 2031 as Clean-Label Innovation and Functional Ingredients Redefine Food Formulation - Mordor Intelligence:
[TEXT]
HYDERABAD, India, July 27, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- According to Mordor Intelligence, the global food additives market is projected to grow from USD 149.96 billion in 2026 to USD 178.11 billion by 2031, registering a CAGR of 3.5% during the forecast period (2026-2031).The market is undergoing a significant structural transformation as manufacturers shift from volume-driven production toward value-added ingredient innovation. Rising consumer demand for clean-label products, natural food additives, and functional ingredients is encouraging food manufacturers to reformulate products without compromising taste, texture, or shelf life. At the same time, evolving food safety regulations, increasing demand for convenience foods, and technological advancements in ingredient development continue to reshape the competitive landscape, creating new opportunities for suppliers specializing in natural preservatives, colorants, hydrocolloids, emulsifiers, and specialty sweeteners.

Food Additives Market Key Growth Factors

Clean-Label Reformulation Accelerates Demand for Natural Ingredients

Consumer preference for recognizable ingredient labels has become one of the strongest forces influencing food additive innovation worldwide. Food manufacturers are increasingly replacing synthetic ingredients with naturally derived alternatives that support transparency while maintaining product quality and safety. Natural preservatives, plant-based colorants, fermentation-derived ingredients, and clean-label hydrocolloids are gaining widespread adoption as brands respond to evolving purchasing behavior.

This transition extends beyond premium food categories and is becoming increasingly mainstream across bakery, dairy, beverages, confectionery, and ready-to-eat meals. Manufacturers capable of balancing regulatory compliance, ingredient functionality, and consumer expectations are expected to strengthen their competitive positioning over the coming years.

Processed Food Consumption Sustains Long-Term Ingredient Demand

Urbanization, changing lifestyles, and increasing demand for convenient meal solutions continue to support steady consumption of food additives across global food manufacturing. Preservatives, emulsifiers, sweeteners, stabilizers, acidity regulators, and texture-enhancing ingredients remain essential for maintaining product quality, extending shelf life, and ensuring consistency throughout complex production and distribution networks.

As food processing industries continue expanding across Asia-Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East, ingredient suppliers are benefiting from rising production volumes while simultaneously developing specialized solutions tailored to regional food preferences and regulatory requirements.

Functional Ingredients Create Higher-Value Growth Opportunities

The food additives industry is increasingly shifting toward multifunctional ingredients capable of delivering nutritional, sensory, and processing benefits simultaneously. Manufacturers are investing in ingredients that improve texture, moisture retention, flavor enhancement, sugar reduction, and product stability while supporting healthier formulations.

Growing demand for functional beverages, reduced-sugar products, plant-based foods, and fortified nutrition continues to expand commercial opportunities for advanced additive technologies. Rather than competing solely on price, suppliers are differentiating themselves through innovation, customized ingredient systems, and technical formulation expertise.

Regulatory Compliance and Sustainable Innovation Shape Competitive Strategies

Food safety regulations continue to evolve globally, encouraging manufacturers to invest in higher-quality ingredients, improved traceability, and sustainable sourcing practices. Regulatory agencies increasingly emphasize ingredient transparency, safety validation, and environmental responsibility, prompting suppliers to modernize manufacturing processes and expand portfolios of naturally derived additives.

Simultaneously, sustainability initiatives are influencing procurement decisions across the food industry, encouraging greater adoption of renewable raw materials, cleaner production technologies, and environmentally responsible ingredient development that aligns with both corporate ESG objectives and consumer expectations.

"As global food safety mandates and functional beverage demand reshape pH control requirements, our structural analysis maps shifting demand across synthetic and bio-based sourcing. Built on direct supply-chain auditing and objective volume tracking, this report equips commercial leaders with a verified, defensible foundation for strategic procurement and investment," says Bhavesh-Narasinha Varute, Senior Research Manager.

Food Additives Market Recent Industry Developments

2026 – Food manufacturers continued accelerating investments in clean-label reformulation programs, expanding the adoption of naturally derived preservatives, colorants, hydrocolloids, and specialty ingredients to address increasing consumer demand for transparent labeling and minimally processed foods.

2025 – The industry witnessed continued expansion of natural ingredient portfolios as manufacturers prioritized GMO-free, organic, and plant-based additives across bakery, beverage, dairy, confectionery, and processed food applications, strengthening long-term growth opportunities for natural food additive suppliers.

Food Additives Market Segment Insights

By Product Type

Preservatives

Bulk Sweeteners

Sugar Substitutes

Emulsifiers

Hydrocolloids

Acidulants

Colorants

Flavor Enhancers

Other Product Types

By Form

Dry

Liquid

By Source

Natural

Synthetic

By Application

Bakery and Confectionery

Dairy and Desserts

Beverages

Meat, Poultry, and Seafood

Sauces, Dressings, and Condiments

Other Applications

Food Additives Market Regional Insights

Asia-Pacific continues to represent one of the most dynamic markets for food additives, supported by rapid urbanization, expanding processed food production, rising disposable incomes, and growing modern retail infrastructure. Increasing demand for packaged foods and beverages across China, India, Southeast Asia, and other emerging economies continues to strengthen regional ingredient consumption.

North America and Europe remain in innovation-driven markets where regulatory compliance, premium product development, and clean-label reformulation continue to drive demand for advanced food additive solutions. Manufacturers across these regions are investing heavily in natural ingredients, sustainable sourcing strategies, and functional formulations that address evolving consumer preferences while meeting increasingly stringent food safety standards.

Meanwhile, Latin America, the Middle East, and Africa are emerging as attractive long-term growth markets due to expanding food processing capacity, increasing convenience of food consumption, and rising investment in domestic food manufacturing industries.

Discover the latest trends, growth opportunities, and competitive developments in the Food Additives Market: https://www.mordorintelligence.com/industry-reports/global-food-additives-market-industry?utm_source=prnewswire

Competitive Landscape

The global food additives market remains highly competitive, with multinational ingredient manufacturers competing through product innovation, technical expertise, sustainability initiatives, and extensive global distribution networks. Companies are increasingly investing in research and development to create multifunctional ingredient systems that improve food quality while supporting clean-label positioning and regulatory compliance.

Strategic partnerships, acquisitions, fermentation technology advancements, and investments in natural ingredient production continue to reshape competitive dynamics. As consumer expectations evolve toward healthier and more transparent food products, suppliers capable of combining innovation with supply chain reliability are expected to strengthen their market positions over the forecast period.

Key Companies in the Food Additives Market

Cargill, Incorporated

Archer Daniels Midland Company

BASF SE

Tate & Lyle Plc

International Flavors and Fragrances Inc.

Explore More Industry Research by Mordor Intelligence

Europe Food Additives Market: The European food additives market is expected to register a CAGR of 5.5% during the forecast period. Steady category growth is underpinned by extensive applications across packaged food and beverage sectors, where functional additives serve as critical preservatives, emulsifiers, sweeteners, and texturizers. Driven by stringent EU regulatory frameworks favoring natural over synthetic inputs, food processors are actively reformulating product lines with clean-label flavors, plant-derived colorants, and bio-based shelf-life extenders.

North America Food Additives Market Size: The North America food additives market size is estimated at USD 47.2 billion in 2026 and is projected to reach USD 58.19 billion by 2031, expanding at a 4.29% CAGR. Market momentum is anchored by a mature regional food processing base balancing regulatory mandates with consumer wellness goals. To satisfy rising demand for reduced sugar, natural colors, and shelf-stable convenience foods, ingredient manufacturers are prioritizing advanced texture systems and clean-label preservation technologies across retail and institutional channels.

Asia-Pacific Food Additive Market Share: The Asia-Pacific food additive market size is set to grow from USD 44.84 billion in 2026 to USD 55.21 billion by 2031, registering a 4.25% CAGR. Accelerating urbanization, expanding packaged-food penetration, and evolving regional regulatory updates—such as China's GB 2760 standards—are driving rapid demand for naturally sourced additives. To mitigate raw material price swings and shorten formulation turnaround times, multinational ingredient suppliers are establishing localized R&D hubs and diversifying cross-border procurement routes.
[Source link]: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/food-additives-market-to-reach-178-11-billion-by-2031-as-clean-label-innovation-and-functional-ingredients-redefine-food-formulation---mordor-intelligence-302835293.html


[Failed to load article at https://www.forbes.com/sites/noelburgess/2026/07/28/canadian-whisky-prices-tariff/]


===== Company info for companies mentioned in news =====

Company name: lvmh
symbol: MC.PA
market_cap: None
pe: None
enterprise_value: None
ebitda: None
revenue: None
net_income: None
cap_bucket: None
as_of: 1785464587
name: lvmh
------------------------------------------------------------------

Company name: n/a
name: n/a
symbol: None
note: no reliable listing found
------------------------------------------------------------------

Company name: tilray
symbol: TLRY
market_cap: None
pe: None
enterprise_value: None
ebitda: None
revenue: None
net_income: None
cap_bucket: None
as_of: 1785464588
name: tilray
------------------------------------------------------------------

================================================================================

[TITLE]PwC Urges CEOs and Boards to Monitor Inflation and Interest Rates:
[TEXT]
Business News of Wednesday, 29 July 2026

Source: Webbers Choice

PwC is advising Chief Executive Officers and Boards to monitor monthly inflation closely. This includes data from the Ghana Statistical Service (GSS), particularly regarding food and imported goods. They should also observe the government's capital expenditure execution in the second half of the year, compared to first-half underspending. Changes in Treasury bill and bank lending rates are also important, as well as their pass-through effects.

This advice comes amid global economic uncertainty due to the Middle East conflict. Such instability could affect commodity and financial markets.

The professional services firm noted that Ghana's outlook for the second half of the year is increasingly influenced by global energy and geopolitical factors. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) forecasts global growth at 3% in 2026, with inflation at 4.7%. It indicates that the global disinflation process has stalled, assuming average oil prices around US$89 per barrel.

The World Bank projects Brent crude prices at
[Source link]: https://www.ghanawebbers.com/GhanaHomePage/business/PwC-Urges-CEOs-and-Boards-to-Monitor-Inflation-and-Interest-Rates-2163151


[TITLE]US tariff threatens Nigerian exports, foreign investment, group warns:
[TEXT]
The Sea Empowerment & Research Centre has stated that the increase in import tariffs from 10 per cent to 12.5 per cent on goods originating from Nigeria and several other countries by the United States Government may reduce dollar inflows into Nigeria and could intensify pressure on exchange-rate stability.

The group, in a recent policy X-ray obtained by The PUNCH on Monday and signed by its Head of Research, Eugene Nweke, stressed that the decision by the US to increase import tariffs on goods originating from Nigeria and several other countries marks another significant shift in global trade policy.

The group stated that the measure, which the United States said was necessary due to alleged insufficient safeguards against forced labour in supply chains, replaces the earlier temporary tariff arrangement and is now being implemented under a more permanent legal framework.

SEREC maintained that although Nigeria was not singled out, its inclusion in the higher tariff band raises important questions
[Source link]: https://punchng.com/us-tariff-threatens-nigerian-exports-foreign-investment-group-warns/


[TITLE]AGNICO EAGLE REPORTS SECOND QUARTER 2026 RESULTS - RECORD QUARTERLY FREE CASH FLOW REFLECTS SOLID OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE; RECORD QUARTERLY SHAREHOLDER RETURNS:
[TEXT]
Stock Symbol: AEM (NYSE and TSX)

(All amounts expressed in U.S. dollars unless otherwise noted)

TORONTO, July 29, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Agnico Eagle Mines Limited (NYSE: AEM) (TSX: AEM) ("Agnico Eagle" or the "Company") today reported financial and operating results for the second quarter of 2026.

"Our high-quality portfolio delivered another strong quarter, with better-than-planned production and disciplined cost control driving strong margins and record quarterly free cash flow," said Ammar Al-Joundi, President and Chief Executive Officer. "The strength of our business and our balanced capital allocation approach enabled us to reinvest in future growth, enhance our portfolio through the completion of the regional consolidation in Finland, further strengthen our balance sheet and return a record $625 million to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases during the quarter. Continued progress across our growth projects, supported by positive exploration results, reinforces our confidence in our long-term outlook, while our strong financial position supports our commitment to creating long-term value and delivering strong returns to our shareholders."

Second quarter 2026 highlights:

Solid operating quarter driven by strong execution and cost control – Payable gold production 1 was 855,816 ounces at production costs per ounce of $1,114, total cash costs per ounce 2 of $1,054 and all-in sustaining costs ("AISC") per ounce 2 of $1,459. The strong operating performance was led by Detour Lake, Kittila and Fosterville

– Payable gold production was 855,816 ounces at production costs per ounce of $1,114, total cash costs per ounce of $1,054 and all-in sustaining costs ("AISC") per ounce of $1,459. The strong operating performance was led by Detour Lake, Kittila and Fosterville Record quarterly free cash flow drives strong quarterly financial results – Solid production and disciplined cost control, combined with realized gold prices 3 of $4,483 per ounce in the second quarter, resulted in record free cash flow. The Company reported quarterly net income of $1,600 million or $3.19 per share and adjusted net income 4 of $1,541 million or $3.07 per share. The Company generated cash provided by operating activities of $2,144 million or $4.27 per share and free cash flow 4 of $1,335 million or $2.66 per share

– Solid production and disciplined cost control, combined with realized gold prices of $4,483 per ounce in the second quarter, resulted in record free cash flow. The Company reported quarterly net income of $1,600 million or $3.19 per share and adjusted net income of $1,541 million or $3.07 per share. The Company generated cash provided by operating activities of $2,144 million or $4.27 per share and free cash flow of $1,335 million or $2.66 per share Financial strength and flexibility further enhanced – The Company increased its cash balance by $352 million to $3,464 million as at June 30, 2026, resulting in a net cash 5 position of $3,267 million with total debt outstanding of $197 million as at June 30, 2026. Reflecting its strong financial profile, Fitch Ratings upgraded the Company's long-term issuer default rating from BBB+ to A‑ in April 2026

– The Company increased its cash balance by $352 million to $3,464 million as at June 30, 2026, resulting in a net cash position of $3,267 million with total debt outstanding of $197 million as at June 30, 2026. Reflecting its strong financial profile, Fitch Ratings upgraded the Company's long-term issuer default rating from BBB+ to A‑ in April 2026 Annual gold production remains at lower end of guidance range; total cash costs and AISC annual guidance reiterated – Expected payable gold production for the full year 2026 remains near the lower end of the guided range of 3.3 to 3.5 million ounces, reflecting the preliminary redesign of the Barnat open pit at Canadian Malartic that contemplates reduced production following the rock mass movement reported on July 2, 2026. Full year total cash costs per ounce and AISC per ounce guidance for 2026 remains unchanged at $1,020 to $1,120 and $1,400 to $1,550, respectively. Total capital expenditures for 2026 (excluding capitalized exploration) are now expected to be between $2.6 billion and $2.8 billion, compared with previous guidance of $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion, reflecting the approval of construction activities at Hope Bay announced on May 19, 2026. Capitalized exploration guidance for 2026 remains unchanged at $290 million to $330 million. Further details are set out in the 2026 Guidance Summary section below

– Expected payable gold production for the full year 2026 remains near the lower end of the guided range of 3.3 to 3.5 million ounces, reflecting the preliminary redesign of the Barnat open pit at Canadian Malartic that contemplates reduced production following the rock mass movement reported on July 2, 2026. Full year total cash costs per ounce and AISC per ounce guidance for 2026 remains unchanged at $1,020 to $1,120 and $1,400 to $1,550, respectively. Total capital expenditures for 2026 (excluding capitalized exploration) are now expected to be between $2.6 billion and $2.8 billion, compared with previous guidance of $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion, reflecting the approval of construction activities at Hope Bay announced on May 19, 2026. Capitalized exploration guidance for 2026 remains unchanged at $290 million to $330 million. Further details are set out in the 2026 Guidance Summary section below Record quarterly shareholder returns – The Company returned a total of $625 million to shareholders during the second quarter of 2026, including the declaration of a quarterly dividend of $0.45 per share and the repurchase of 2,235,947 common shares under the Company's normal course issuer bid ("NCIB"). Share repurchases were completed at an average price of $178.86 per share for an aggregate cost of $400 million. In May 2026, the Company renewed the NCIB for another year on substantially the same terms, however it increased its internal limit on purchases of common shares to $2 billion

– The Company returned a total of $625 million to shareholders during the second quarter of 2026, including the declaration of a quarterly dividend of $0.45 per share and the repurchase of 2,235,947 common shares under the Company's normal course issuer bid ("NCIB"). Share repurchases were completed at an average price of $178.86 per share for an aggregate cost of $400 million. In May 2026, the Company renewed the NCIB for another year on substantially the same terms, however it increased its internal limit on purchases of common shares to $2 billion Reconciliation Action Plan Progress Report published – In June 2026, the Company published its first progress report on the Reconciliation Action Plan that was released in 2024, covering progress in 2024 and 2025 and reinforcing the Company's commitment to transparency, accountability and meaningful reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples across its operations

– In June 2026, the Company published its first progress report on the Reconciliation Action Plan that was released in 2024, covering progress in 2024 and 2025 and reinforcing the Company's commitment to transparency, accountability and meaningful reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples across its operations Update on key value drivers and pipeline projects in the second quarter of 2026 Canadian Malartic – The first phase of shaft sinking at Odyssey underground was completed in July 2026, reaching a depth of 1,586 metres. Activities will transition to the headframe change over and completion of the first loading station, which remains on schedule, to support first production through Shaft #1 in the second quarter of 2027. Ramp development advanced to a depth of 1,190 metres during the quarter and is expected to reach planned shaft bottom at 1,870 metres in 2030, enabling a second phase of sinking Shaft #1 from 2029 to 2031. Exploration drilling continued to yield positive results in multiple areas of the Odyssey mine, including 5.1 grams per tonne ("g/t") gold over 14.3 metres at 916 metres depth in the upper eastern portion of the East Gouldie deposit and 13.7 g/t gold over 14.6 metres (core length) at 1,078 metres depth in the newly defined Artemis zone in the internal zones of the Odyssey deposit Detour Lake – Development activities for the underground project continued, with the exploration ramp reaching a depth of 180 metres and the overburden removal for the conveyor‑ramp portal advancing. High-intensity drilling from surface near the exploration ramp in the West Pit zone continued in the second quarter with a highlight intercept of 2.5 g/t gold over 62.3 metres at 275 metres depth, including 15.2 g/t gold over 5.9 metres at 264 metres depth. Drilling into the West Extension zone had highlights of 13.5 g/t gold over 2.5 metres at 564 metres depth, approximately 1.0 kilometre west of the resource-pit outline, and 20.8 g/t gold over 4.8 metres at 836 metres depth, approximately 2.3 kilometres west of the resource-pit outline Upper Beaver – Development of the exploration ramp and shaft continued to advance, reaching depths of 165 metres and 478 metres, respectively. During the quarter, the Company continued a high‑intensity drilling program targeting a portion of the Upper Beaver deposit between approximately 500 and 600 metres depth Hope Bay – On May 19, 2026, the Company announced a positive investment decision for the Hope Bay project, supported by a study envisioning annual gold production of 400,000 to 435,000 ounces over an initial 11-year mine life and demonstrating strong economics 6 . Construction activities to support project redevelopment continued through the quarter, including the upgrade of surface infrastructure and development of exploration ramps at Naartok East and at Patch 7. Planning and procurement activities also progressed as scheduled in preparation for the upcoming sealift season. Conversion and exploration drilling at Patch 7 at the Madrid deposit during the second quarter had highlights of 18.5 g/t gold over 11.3 metres at 328 metres depth, 13.7 g/t gold over 15.4 metres at 609 metres depth and 15.2 g/t gold over 15.6 metres at 710 metres depth. At the Boston deposit, the Company started its first exploration drilling program since acquiring Hope Bay in 2021, with approximately 6,500 metres expected to be drilled by year-end San Nicolás – Minas de San Nicolás received the land use change (ETJ) and the environmental impact assessment (MIA-R) permits in July 2026, marking a milestone for the responsible development of the San Nicolás Project, and will now advance the additional permits, authorization and licenses required

_______________________________ 1 Payable production of a mineral means the quantity of a mineral produced during a period contained in products that have been or will be sold by the Company whether such products are shipped during the period or held as inventory at the end of the period. 2 Total cash costs per ounce and all-in sustaining costs per ounce (or AISC per ounce) are non-GAAP measures that are not standardized financial measures under IFRS Accounting Standards and, in this news release, unless otherwise specified, are reported on (i) a per ounce of gold production basis, and (ii) a by-product basis. For reconciliations of each of these non-GAAP measures to production costs on both a by-product and a co-product basis and a description of their composition and usefulness, see Note Regarding Certain Measures of Performance below. 3 Realized gold price is calculated as gold revenues from mining operations divided by the number of ounces sold. 4 Adjusted net income, free cash flow and, where applicable, their related per share measures are non-GAAP measures that are not standardized financial measures under IFRS Accounting Standards. For a description of the composition and usefulness of these non-GAAP measures and a reconciliation to the most comparable measure prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards, see Note Regarding Certain Measures of Performance below. 5 Net cash is a non-GAAP measure that is not a standardized financial measure under IFRS Accounting Standards. For a description of the composition and usefulness of this non-GAAP measure and a reconciliation to the most comparable measure prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards, see Note Regarding Certain Measures of Performance below. 6 The forecast parameters were based on an internal evaluation which is preliminary in nature and includes inferred mineral resource. For a description see Notes to Investors Regarding Certain Project Evaluations below.

Second Quarter 2026 Results Conference Call and Webcast Tomorrow

The Company's senior management will host a conference call on Thursday, July 30, 2026, at 11:00 AM (E.D.T.) to discuss the Company's financial and operating results.

Via Webcast:

To listen to the live webcast of the conference call, you may register on the Company's website at www.agnicoeagle.com, or directly via the link here.

Via Phone:

To join the conference call by phone, please dial 437-900-0527 or toll-free 1-888-510-2154 to be entered into the call by an operator. To ensure your participation, please call approximately five minutes prior to the scheduled start of the call.

To join the conference call by phone without operator assistance, you may register your phone number here 30 minutes prior to the scheduled start of the call to receive an automated call back.

Replay Archive:

Please dial 289-819-1450 or toll-free 1-888-660-6345, access code 02161#. The conference call replay will be available until August 30, 2026.

The webcast, along with presentation slides, will be archived for 180 days on the Company's website.

Second Quarter 2026 Production and Costs

Production and Cost Results Summary

Three Months Ended June 30,

Six Months Ended June 30,

2026

2025*

2026

2025* Gold production** (ounces)

855,816

866,029

1,680,925

1,739,823 Gold sales (ounces)***

835,505

846,835

1,665,156

1,689,800 Production costs per ounce

$ 1,114

$ 911

$ 1,136

$ 895 Total cash costs per ounce

$ 1,054

$ 925

$ 1,073

$ 910 AISC per ounce

$ 1,459

$ 1,281

$ 1,471

$ 1,227

* Total cash costs per ounce and AISC per ounce for the three and six months ended June 30, 2025 have been restated using the Company's revised composition for periods commencing on or after January 1, 2026, see Note Regarding Certain Measures of Performance below for further details. Using the Company's composition of this measure for periods ending on or prior to December 31, 2025, total cash costs per ounce were $933 and $918 for the consolidated Company and AISC per ounce was $1,289 and $1,235 for the consolidated Company for the three and six months ended June 30, 2025, respectively. ** Gold production for the three months ended June 30, 2026 excludes payable gold production at La India and Creston Mascota of 440 and 58 ounces, respectively, which were produced from residual leaching. Gold production for the three months ended June 30, 2025 excludes payable gold production at La India and Creston Mascota of 858 ounces and 39 ounces, respectively, which were producing from residual leaching. Gold production for the six months ended June 30, 2026 excludes payable gold production at La India and Creston Mascota of 858 and 134 ounces, respectively, which were produced from residual leaching. Gold production for the six months ended June 30, 2025 excludes payable gold production at La India and Creston Mascota of 2,669 ounces and 64 ounces, respectively, which were producing from residual leaching. *** Payable metals sold at Canadian Malartic, Detour Lake and Macassa exclude the in-kind royalties of 5.0%, 2.0% and 1.5%, respectively, paid in respect of gold production at such mines. For the six months ended June 30, 2025, payable metals sold excludes 2,500 payable gold ounces sold from La India.

Gold Production

Second Quarter of 2026 – Gold production decreased when compared to the prior-year period primarily due to lower production from Canadian Malartic (lower throughput and grade), partially offset by higher production from Detour Lake and Kittila (higher throughputs and grades)

First Six Months of 2026 – Gold production decreased when compared to the prior-year period primarily due to lower production from Macassa (lower grade partially offset by higher throughput), Canadian Malartic (lower throughput) and Meadowbank (lower grade partially offset by higher throughput), partially offset by higher production from Detour Lake (higher throughput and grade)

Production Costs per Ounce

Second Quarter of 2026 – Production costs per ounce increased when compared to the prior-year period primarily due to higher labour costs, higher royalty costs resulting from higher gold prices, higher energy costs related to diesel and lower production

First Six Months of 2026 – Production costs per ounce increased when compared to the prior-year period primarily due to higher labour costs, higher royalty costs resulting from higher gold prices, higher energy costs related to diesel, lower production and the impact of a stronger Canadian dollar relative to the U.S. dollar

Total Cash Costs per Ounce

Second Quarter and First Six Months of 2026 – Total cash costs per ounce increased when compared to the prior-year periods primarily due to the reasons described above for the increase in production costs per ounce in each respective period

AISC per Ounce

Second Quarter of 2026 – AISC per ounce increased when compared to the prior-year period due to the reasons described above for the increase in total cash costs per ounce, an increase in non-cash reclamation-related costs and higher sustaining capital expenditures (primarily at Detour Lake and Fosterville)

First Six Months of 2026 – AISC per ounce increased when compared to the prior-year period due to the reasons described above for the increase in total cash costs per ounce, an increase in non-cash reclamation-related costs, higher sustaining capital expenditures (primarily at Detour Lake and Fosterville) and higher general and administrative expenses

Refer to the Company's Management Discussion and Analysis for the second quarter of 2026 (the "MD&A") under the caption "Financial and Operating Results" for additional variance analysis on gold production, production costs, minesite costs per tonne and total cash costs per ounce compared to the prior-year periods.

Second Quarter 2026 Financial Results

Financial Results Summary

Three Months Ended June 30,

Six Months Ended June 30,

2026

2025

2026

2025 Realized gold price (per ounce)

$ 4,483

$ 3,288

$ 4,672

$ 3,090 Net income (millions)

$ 1,600

$ 1,069

$ 3,296

$ 1,883 Adjusted net income (millions)

$ 1,541

$ 976

$ 3,246

$ 1,746 EBITDA (millions)7

$ 2,762

$ 2,021

$ 5,758

$ 3,655 Adjusted EBITDA (millions)7

$ 2,738

$ 1,914

$ 5,748

$ 3,504 Cash provided by operating activities (millions)

$ 2,144

$ 1,845

$ 3,490

$ 2,890 Cash provided by operating activities before changes in non-cash working capital balances (millions)7

$ 2,112

$ 1,332

$ 4,344

$ 2,541 Capital expenditures* (millions)7

$ 801

$ 538

$ 1,375

$ 957 Free cash flow (millions)

$ 1,335

$ 1,305

$ 2,067

$ 1,899 Free cash flow before changes in non-cash working capital balances (millions)7

$ 1,303

$ 792

$ 2,921

$ 1,551

Net income per share (basic)

$ 3.19

$ 2.13

$ 6.58

$ 3.75 Adjusted net income per share (basic)

$ 3.07

$ 1.94

$ 6.48

$ 3.47 Cash provided by operating activities per share (basic)

$ 4.27

$ 3.67

$ 6.97

$ 5.75 Cash provided by operating activities before changes in non-cash working capital balances per share (basic)

$ 4.21

$ 2.65

$ 8.67

$ 5.06 Free cash flow per share (basic)

$ 2.66

$ 2.60

$ 4.13

$ 3.78 Free cash flow before changes in non-cash working capital balances per share (basic)

$ 2.60

$ 1.58

$ 5.83

$ 3.09

* Includes capitalized exploration

Net Income

Second Quarter of 2026 Net income increased when compared to the prior-year period primarily due to strong operating margins from higher realized gold prices and a gain on sale of investments, partially offset by losses on derivative financial instruments (compared to gains in the prior-year period) and higher income and mining taxes Net income of $1,600 million ($3.19 per share) includes the following items (net of tax): Gain on sale of investments of $155 million ($0.31 per share), net losses on derivative financial instruments of $56 million ($0.11 per share), foreign exchange losses of $20 million ($0.04 per share), multi-year donations recognized in the quarter of $13 million ($0.03 per share) and other adjustments including reclamation and net asset disposals of $7 million ($0.01 per share). Excluding these items results in adjusted net income of $1,541 million or $3.07 per share

First Six Months of 2026 – Net income increased when compared to the prior-year period primarily due to the reasons described above for the second quarter of 2026

_______________________________ 7 "EBITDA" means earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization. EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, capital expenditures, cash provided by operating activities before changes in non-cash components of working capital and free cash flow before changes in non-cash components of working capital and, where applicable, their related per share measures, are non-GAAP measures that are not standardized measures under IFRS Accounting Standards. For a description of the composition and usefulness of these non- GAAP measures and a reconciliation to the most comparable measure prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards, see Note Regarding Certain Measures of Performance below.

Adjusted EBITDA

Second Quarter and First Six Months of 2026 – Adjusted EBITDA increased when compared to the prior-year periods primarily due to higher revenues from mining operations (higher realized gold prices, partially offset by lower gold sales), partially offset by higher production costs (higher labour costs, royalty costs and energy costs related to diesel)

Cash Provided by Operating Activities

Second Quarter of 2026 – Cash provided by operating activities and cash provided by operating activities before changes in non-cash components of working capital increased when compared to the prior-year period primarily due to the reasons described above related to the increase in adjusted EBITDA

First Six Months of 2026 – Cash provided by operating activities and cash provided by operating activities before changes in non-cash components of working capital increased when compared to the prior-year period primarily due to the reasons described above related to the increase in adjusted EBITDA. For the first six months of 2026, cash provided by operating activities was reduced by unfavourable changes in non-cash components of working capital primarily due to approximately $1.3 billion in cash taxes paid in the first quarter of 2026 relating to the 2025 taxation year

Free Cash Flow

Second Quarter and First Six Months of 2026 – Free cash flow and free cash flow before changes in non-cash components of working capital increased when compared to the prior-year periods due to the reasons described above related to cash provided by operating activities, partially offset by higher development capital expenditures related to the Hope Bay, Odyssey and Detour Lake underground projects in each respective period

Capital Expenditures

In the second quarter of 2026, capital expenditures were $699 million and capitalized exploration expenditures were $102 million, for a total of $801 million. For the first six months of 2026, capital expenditures were $1,188 million and capitalized exploration expenditures were $186 million, for a total of $1,375 million.

The table below sets out a summary of capital expenditures, in each case broken down between sustaining capital expenditures and development capital expenditures by mine, and capitalized exploration in the second quarter of 2026 and the first six months of 2026.

Summary of Capital Expenditures

(thousands)

Capital Expenditures*

Capitalized Exploration

Three Months Ended

Six Months Ended

Three Months Ended

Six Months Ended

Jun 30, 2026

Jun 30, 2026

Jun 30, 2026

Jun 30, 2026 Sustaining Capital Expenditures**

LaRonde $ 19,512

$ 35,173

$ 1,038

$ 2,270 Canadian Malartic 22,442

45,203

1,221

2,208 Goldex 9,471

19,576

486

686 Quebec 51,425

99,952

2,745

5,164 Detour Lake 74,496

117,027

—

— Macassa 12,089

31,634

765

1,592 Ontario 86,585

148,661

765

1,592 Meliadine 18,218

34,528

2,213

3,638 Meadowbank 23,738

46,893

—

— Nunavut 41,956

81,421

2,213

3,638 Fosterville 24,982

47,522

422

918 Australia 24,982

47,522

422

918 Kittila 20,279

33,446

1,313

2,295 Finland 20,279

33,446

1,313

2,295 Pinos Altos 11,287

20,043

1,326

1,537 Mexico 11,287

20,043

1,326

1,537 Other 436

2,497

59

(914) Total Sustaining Capital Expenditures $ 236,950

$ 433,542

$ 8,843

$ 14,230

Development Capital Expenditures**

LaRonde $ 21,636

$ 42,033

$ —

$ — Canadian Malartic 116,544

201,636

6,548

14,067 Goldex 8,616

14,696

1,635

3,632 Quebec 146,796

258,365

8,183

17,699 Detour Lake 76,634

150,078

8,561

15,182 Detour Lake underground 14,109

18,375

26,686

38,960 Macassa 39,500

64,010

9,501

18,320 Upper Beaver 17,703

25,019

1,210

17,805 Ontario 147,946

257,482

45,958

90,267 Meliadine 20,271

38,645

4,148

8,329 Meadowbank 10,337

19,511

29

51 Hope Bay 116,843

148,607

26,084

39,918 Nunavut 147,451

206,763

30,261

48,298 Fosterville 6,909

11,223

4,545

8,022 Australia 6,909

11,223

4,545

8,022 Kittila 1,101

2,047

2,656

5,256 Finland 1,101

2,047

2,656

5,256 Pinos Altos 3,832

5,653

12

23 San Nicolás (50%) 3,241

4,567

1,238

2,629 Mexico 7,073

10,220

1,250

2,652 Other 4,998

8,464

—

— Total Development Capital Expenditures $ 462,274

$ 754,564

$ 92,853

$ 172,194 Total Capital Expenditures $ 699,224

$ 1,188,106

$ 101,696

$ 186,424

* Excludes capitalized exploration ** Sustaining capital expenditures and development capital expenditures are non-GAAP measures that are not standardized measures under IFRS Accounting Standards. For a description of the composition and usefulness of these non-GAAP measures and a reconciliation to the most comparable measure prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards, see Note Regarding Certain Measures of Performance below.

2026 Guidance

As previously disclosed on July 2, 2026, the Company expects full year 2026 production to be near the lower end of its previously disclosed guidance range of 3.3 million to 3.5 million ounces of gold, reflecting the preliminary redesign of the Barnat open pit at Canadian Malartic. Estimated full year total cash costs per ounce and AISC per ounce guidance for 2026 remains unchanged at $1,020 to $1,120 and $1,400 to $1,550, respectively. Refer to the "Abitibi Region, Quebec" section below for further updates on the Barnat open pit.

Total capital expenditures for 2026 (excluding capitalized exploration) are now expected to be between $2.6 billion and $2.8 billion, compared with previous guidance of $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion, reflecting the approval of construction activities at Hope Bay announced on May 19, 2026. Capitalized exploration guidance for 2026 remains unchanged at $290 million to $330 million.

A summary of the Company's guidance is set out below.

2026 Guidance Summary

($ millions, unless otherwise stated)

2026

2026

Guidance Range

Mid-Point Gold production (thousands of ounces)

3,300 3,500

3,400 Total cash costs per ounce8

$ 1,020 $ 1,120

$ 1,070 AISC per ounce8

$ 1,400 $ 1,550

$ 1,475

Capital expenditures8 (excluding capitalized exploration)

$ 2,605 $ 2,825

$ 2,715 Capitalized exploration

$ 290 $ 330

$ 310 Capital expenditures (including capitalized exploration)

$ 2,895 $ 3,155

$ 3,025

Exploration and corporate development*

$ 275 $ 305

$ 290 Depreciation and amortization expense

$ 1,550 $ 1,750

$ 1,650 General and administrative expense**

$ 230 $ 260

$ 245 Other costs***

$ 75 $ 95

$ 85 NTI Payment9

$ 185 $ 195

$ 190 Cash taxes

$ 3,400 $ 3,600

$ 3,500 Effective tax rate (%)

34 % 36 %

35 %

* 2026 Guidance includes $185 million to $205 million related to exploration and $90 million to $100 million related to corporate development ** 2026 Guidance includes share-based compensation, expected to be between $65 million and $75 million. General and administrative expense is expected to fluctuate based on changes in the Company's share price, which affects the costs related to stock-based compensation. *** 2026 Guidance includes $35 million to $45 million related to site maintenance costs primarily at Hope Bay and Northern Territory in Australia and $40 million to $50 million related to remediation expenses and other miscellaneous costs

_______________________________ 8 The Company's guidance for total cash costs per ounce, AISC per ounce and capital expenditures is forward-looking non-GAAP information. For a description of the composition and usefulness of these non-GAAP measures and a discussion of revisions that have been made by the Company to the composition of certain of these measures, see Note Regarding Certain Measures of Performance below. 9 The "NTI Payment" is the payment to Nunavut Tunngavik Inc. ("NTI") under the Company's mineral production lease in respect of the Amaruq mine at Meadowbank, which is based on net profits, subject to a minimum profit margin. NTI Payments in this table are reflected on a cash basis with 2026 Guidance based on a gold price assumption of $4,500 per ounce.

Cash Taxes

The Company's expected effective tax rate continues to be approximately 34% to 36% for the full year 2026. Total cash taxes paid in the second quarter of 2026 were $623 million. For the first half of 2026, total cash taxes paid were $2.4 billion, which included a $1.3 billion payment in the first quarter of 2026 for the remaining cash tax liability for 2025. This represents approximately 70% of total cash taxes expected for 2026. The remaining cash taxes in 2026 are expected to be paid in quarterly installments ranging between $525 million and $575 million.

Cost Considerations Amid Continued Market Uncertainty

The Company does not currently anticipate any significant risk of disruption to fuel, consumables or parts supplies across its operations and anticipates that any volatility of fuel and commodity prices and currency exchange rates from ongoing geopolitical uncertainty will be captured within its 2026 cost guidance ranges.

The Company's full year 2026 cost guidance is based on an assumed diesel benchmark price of $0.78 per litre (excluding transportation and taxes). With the commencement of the 2026 sealift subsequent to the quarter, the Company has purchased approximately 70% of its diesel requirements for its Nunavut operations for the balance of 2026 and through to the 2027 sealift, representing approximately 130 million litres of diesel. These purchases were made at prices approximately 30% higher than budgeted for 2026, net of hedges. The Company expects to complete its purchase of its remaining Nunavut diesel requirements in the third quarter of 2026 and will continue to monitor market conditions and opportunistically add to its diesel hedges. These purchases are expected to reduce the Company's exposure to diesel price volatility for the remainder of 2026 and into 2027.

Diesel represents approximately 10% of the Company's operating costs, comprising approximately 7% related to direct consumption for mobile equipment and on-site power generation, and approximately 3% related to transportation and freight. Taking into account the diesel purchased to date as part of the 2026 sealift, the Company estimates that a 10% change in diesel prices would impact total cash costs per ounce by approximately $4 for the second half of 2026. For indirect diesel exposure related to transportation, a 10% change in diesel prices is estimated to impact total cash costs per ounce by approximately $2.

The Company's full year 2026 cost guidance is based on assumed exchange rates of 1.36 C$/US$, 1.18 US$/EUR, 1.40 A$/US$ and 17.50 MXN/US$.

Based on its C$/US$ exchange rate assumption for 2026 cost estimates, the Company has hedged approximately 60% of its estimated remaining Canadian dollar exposure for 2026 at an average floor price providing protection in respect of exchange rate movements below 1.38 C$/US$, while allowing for participation in respect of exchange rate movements up to an average of 1.42 C$/US$.

The stronger US dollar, combined with higher by-product metal prices, particularly for silver and copper, have helped mitigate the impact of diesel price inflationary pressures compared to the Company's full year 2026 cost guidance. The Company will continue to monitor market conditions and anticipates continuing to opportunistically add to its operating currency and diesel hedges to strategically support its key input costs for 2026.

Tariffs

The international trade disputes set in motion in February 2025 by US tariffs, retaliatory tariffs and other actions remain fluid. The Company continues to believe that its revenue structure will be largely unaffected by the tariffs as its gold production is mostly refined in Canada, Australia or Europe. Accordingly, the cost guidance provided in this news release does not include any potential further impact from such tariffs or trade disputes. The Company continues to monitor its exposure to the tariffs and trade disputes and its alternatives to inputs sourced from suppliers that are or may become subject to the tariffs or other trade disputes.

Strong Net Cash Position Supports Increase in Shareholder Returns

Cash and cash equivalents increased by $352 million from the prior quarter, primarily due to cash provided by operating activities resulting from strong operating margins (higher gold sales volume, partially offset by lower realized gold prices) and $261 million of proceeds received from the sale of equity securities. The increase was partially offset by $809 million of capital expenditures (including working capital adjustments), $625 million returned to shareholders during the quarter through dividends and share repurchases under the NCIB and $578 million related to the acquisition of properties in Finland.

As at June 30, 2026, the Company's total long-term debt was $197 million, consistent with the prior quarter. No amounts were outstanding under the Company's unsecured revolving bank credit facility as at June 30, 2026 and available liquidity under the facility remained at approximately $2 billion, not including the uncommitted $1 billion accordion feature.

Net cash increased to $3,267 million in the second quarter of 2026 compared to the prior quarter balance of $2,915 million due to the increase in cash and cash equivalents of $352 million.

In April 2026, Fitch Ratings upgraded the Company's investment grade credit rating to A- with a Stable Outlook, reflecting the Company's strong operating profile, favourable low-cost position and sustained commitment to a strengthening balance sheet. In July, Moody's Ratings completed a periodic review and maintained the Company's A3 Stable Outlook investment grade credit rating, highlighting the Company's strong scale, low leverage, mine diversity in favourable mining jurisdictions and conservative financial policies. The Company strives to maintain a strong financial position and investment grade balance sheet.

Shareholder Returns

The Company remains committed to delivering strong returns to shareholders in 2026 through a combination of the dividend and share repurchases under the NCIB, with a target to return approximately 40% of annual free cash flow to shareholders, assuming current gold prices and subject to operational needs.

The Company continues to evaluate opportunities to reduce the dilution associated with the acquisition of Rupert Resources Ltd., including potentially using the proceeds from portfolio investment sales to fund share repurchases under the NCIB. In the second quarter of 2026, proceeds received from the sale of equity securities were $261 million, which supported increased share repurchase activity and record shareholder returns for the quarter.

Normal Course Issuer Bid

The Company renewed the NCIB for another year in May 2026 on substantially the same terms which is subject to a maximum of 5% of the issued and outstanding common shares. The Company also increased its internal limit on purchases of common shares to $2 billion. Purchases under the NCIB may continue for up to one year from its commencement on May 6, 2026.

In the second quarter of 2026, the Company repurchased 2,235,947 common shares under the NCIB at an average price of $178.86 per share for aggregate purchases of $400 million. In the first six months of 2026, the Company repurchased 2,957,158 common shares under the NCIB at an average price of $185.89 per share for aggregate purchases of $550 million.

The Company believes that the NCIB is a flexible and effective complementary tool that, together with the quarterly dividend, is part of the Company's overall capital allocation program and generates value for shareholders.

Dividend Record and Payment Dates for the Third Quarter of 2026

The Company's Board of Directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.45 per common share, payable on September 15, 2026 to shareholders of record as of September 1, 2026. Agnico Eagle has declared a cash dividend every year since 1983.

Expected Dividend Record and Payment Dates for the 2026 Fiscal Year

Record Date Payment Date March 2, 2026 March 16, 2026* June 1, 2026 June 15, 2026* September 1, 2026 September 15, 2026** December 1, 2026 December 15, 2026

* Paid ** Declared

Dividend Reinvestment Plan

For information on the Company's dividend reinvestment plan, see Dividend Reinvestment Plan.

International Dividend Currency Exchange

For information on the Company's international dividend currency exchange program, please contact Computershare Trust Company of Canada by phone at 1.800.564.6253 or online at www.investorcentre.com or www.computershare.com/investor.

Commitment to Sustainability – Second Quarter 2026 Highlights

Continued focus on health and safety performance The Company continued to reinforce its safety culture during the quarter, implementing a global safety reset across all operations following the fatal accidents at Canadian Malartic in April 2026 as previously disclosed in the news release dated April 30, 2026 and at Upper Beaver in May 2026. Through engagement with employees and contractors, the Company reaffirmed its core commitment that the safety of its workforce should take precedence over all other objectives. Ongoing initiatives include accelerating the identification and implementation of critical controls to mitigate major hazards and reinforcing organizational behaviours that promote a continued focus on creating and sustaining an injury and fatality-free workplace The Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum awarded Detour Lake the John T. Ryan Safety Trophy, highlighting outstanding safety performance among mines in Eastern Canada

Supporting communities in Nunavut through investment and engagement In May 2026, the Company announced the extension of its partnership with the Nunavut Housing Corporation under the Nunavut 3000 initiative. This partnership commits more than C$10 million over five years to support the annual shipment of approximately 22 to 25 housing units across the Kitikmeot and Kivalliq regions. Building on the successful delivery of 20 housing units in 2025, the initiative continues to address one of Nunavut's most pressing challenges by improving access to affordable housing. The Company also renewed its five-year, C$5 million partnership with the Breakfast Club of Canada program in Nunavut, supporting daily access to nutritious breakfast programs for over 5,000 students in 22 schools across the Kitikmeot and Kivalliq regions, helping improve attendance, learning outcomes and overall well-being while investing in the next generation of the territory's workforce The Company launched season two of its award-winning podcast, The Arctic Edge , featuring stories and perspectives from Nunavut and Canada's Arctic. Season two explores themes including sovereignty, food security, housing, energy and community-driven growth, while continuing to amplify northern and Indigenous voices. The podcast reinforces the Company's commitment to advancing meaningful dialogue and promoting a deeper understanding of the North's rich cultural heritage and growing importance to Canada's future

Reconciliation Action Plan ("RAP") Progress Report published – In June 2026, the Company released its inaugural RAP Progress Report, covering progress through 2024 and 2025 and reinforcing its commitment to transparency, accountability and meaningful reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples across its operations Since the RAP was released in 2024, the Company's employees have completed over 8,300 hours of Indigenous cultural awareness training and the Company has signed six new agreements with Indigenous Rights-holders, increasing the total number of active agreements to 23 In 2024 and 2025, the Company led the Canadian mining sector with C$346 million in direct financial contributions to Indigenous Nations. Globally, the Company made C$378 million in direct financial contributions to Indigenous Nations and awarded over C$3 billion in contracts to Indigenous businesses In 2025, the Company established an Indigenous Advisory Committee, comprised of Indigenous leaders whose expertise supports the ongoing implementation of the RAP All of the Company's operations achieved AA or AAA ratings in 2024 and 2025 under the Towards Sustainable Mining Indigenous and Community Relationships protocol The Company's RAP Progress Report can be accessed here

– In June 2026, the Company released its inaugural RAP Progress Report, covering progress through 2024 and 2025 and reinforcing its commitment to transparency, accountability and meaningful reconciliation with Indigenous Peoples across its operations

Key Value Drivers – Advancing the Next Phase of Growth

The Company is advancing a disciplined growth strategy aimed at enhancing the gold production profile in the short-term and supporting a pathway to increase annual gold production by 20% to 30% over the next decade, with a first step-up in production expected in 2030 and the potential to exceed 4.0 million ounces in the early 2030s. The growth is anchored in the expansions of Canadian Malartic and Detour Lake, as well as the construction of Upper Beaver, Hope Bay and San Nicolás, which are located in regions where the Company operates and has technical expertise, established community relationships, existing infrastructure and established supply chains, supporting compelling risk-adjusted returns.

The forecast parameters surrounding certain projects, including Detour Lake underground, Upper Beaver, Hope Bay and the "fill-the-mill" strategy at Canadian Malartic (Odyssey Shaft #1, Odyssey Shaft #2, Marban, Wasamac), were based on internal evaluations, which are preliminary in nature and include inferred mineral resources. For further information see Notes to Investors Regarding Certain Project Evaluations below.

Canadian Malartic – Potential for 400,000 to 500,000 ounces of incremental annual gold production

The Company continues to advance the transition to underground mining with the construction of the Odyssey mine, including the development of Odyssey Shaft #1. The Company is also advancing internal evaluations on three projects that, together, have the potential to increase annual gold production towards one million ounces starting as early as 2033. These projects include (i) a second shaft at Odyssey, (ii) the development of a satellite open pit at Marban, and (iii) the development of the Wasamac underground project. Marban and Wasamac are located approximately 12 kilometres and 100 kilometres from the Canadian Malartic mill, respectively. The Company believes that the rock mass movement that occurred at the Barnat open pit at Canadian Malartic on July 1, 2026, will not affect the development or production outlook for the Odyssey mine. Refer to the "Abitibi Region, Quebec" section below for further updates on the Barnat open pit.

Odyssey Development

In the second quarter of 2026, mine development remained focused on advancing the main ramp, which reached a depth of 1,190 metres as of June 30, 2026, the excavation of the ventilation raises, the development of the East Gouldie production levels and the excavation of the first loading station infrastructure. While development rates were affected by higher ground support requirements and increased material handling demands at depth, the Company continued to advance key productivity initiatives, including haul truck payload optimization, the ongoing truck conversion to enable autonomous hauling, expanded use of automated development equipment and testing of a fleet management system. With these initiatives, the Company expects to achieve its targeted development rate of approximately 2,000 metres per month in the fourth quarter of 2026. The excavation of the first ventilation raise from surface to level 58 was completed during the quarter, with the commissioning of the main exhaust fan station now expected in the third quarter of 2026.

Construction of the first loading station at Shaft #1 between levels 102 and 111 continued during the quarter, with completion of the crusher concrete pilasters and the start of structural installation. Upcoming activities include the installation of the crusher and apron feeders, as well as the development of the loading conveyor area. Development and construction activities remain on schedule to support the planned start of shaft‑hoisted production from East Gouldie in the second quarter of 2027. The first phase of shaft sinking was nearly completed, with the last bench taken on July 9, 2026, reaching a depth of 1,586 metres. The headframe changeover is expected to start in the third quarter of 2026, following the excavation of level 158. A second phase of sinking is expected to commence in 2029 with completion in 2031, extending the shaft to its final expected depth of 1,870 metres. The third loading station, located between levels 172 and 181, is expected to be completed and commissioned in 2031.

Construction of key surface infrastructure progressed, with the operational complex completed during the quarter. Phase two of the paste plant (designed for 20,000 tonnes per day ("tpd") capacity) remains on schedule for completion in the first half of 2027 to support production start-up from the shaft. Assembly of the production hoist commenced in the second quarter of 2026, with the fixed and clutch drum assemblies completed and the 12,000-horsepower variable frequency drive and transformers installed. Commissioning of the production hoist is expected in the second quarter of 2027.

Odyssey Shaft #2

The Company is advancing an internal technical evaluation of a potential second shaft at the Odyssey mine. Drilling of the geotechnical pilot hole at the planned location has been completed to a depth of 1,800 metres. Current work is focused on mine design, planning and geotechnical analysis to support a higher mining rate, surface layout, headframe design and preparatory activities to support the permitting process. The evaluation is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2026.

Exploration at Odyssey

During the second quarter of 2026, 10 surface rigs and seven underground rigs were in operation at the Odyssey mine, drilling a total of 42,743 metres. This was supplemented by an additional three surface rigs, completing 13,789 metres of drilling dedicated to regional exploration around Canadian Malartic, including the Marban project.

Exploration drilling targeted multiple areas of the Odyssey mine, continuing to return positive results in the upper eastern and deeper areas of the East Gouldie deposit and in the internal zones of the Odyssey deposit.

In the upper eastern extension of the East Gouldie deposit, underground drilling returned several high-grade results, including hole UGEG-075-062 intersecting 5.1 g/t gold over 14.3 metres at 916 metres depth; and hole UGEG-071-034 intersecting 6.6 g/t gold over 10.8 metres at 1,046 metres depth and 6.1 g/t gold over 11.6 metres at 1,133 metres depth. This portion of the deposit has the potential to offer a second mining area in the upper levels of the mine that would provide additional operational flexibility and potentially higher grade material than the current average mineral reserve grade of the East Gouldie deposit.

Hole MEX25-354 was drilled as a pilot hole for the proposed Shaft #2 and extended a further 300 metres during the second quarter to test the lower limit of the East Gouldie deposit where it intersected 1.9 g/t gold over 16.4 metres (core length, true width undetermined) at 1,917 metres depth, 3.8 g/t gold over 19.2 metres (core length) at 1,951 metres depth, including 11.2 g/t gold over 3.8 metres (core length) at 1,945 metres depth, and 2.6 g/t gold over 15.8 metres (core length) at 1,978 metres depth. The results further demonstrate the potential for additional mineralization at depth in the East Gouldie deposit in proximity to planned infrastructure.

Conversion drilling in the Odyssey deposit encountered significant mineralization in the lower portion of the porphyry in the newly identified Artemis zone within the Odyssey internal zones. Results from the Artemis zone were highlighted by hole UGOD-057-013 intersecting 10.7 g/t gold over 7.0 metres (core length) at 1,039 metres depth, 4.5 g/t gold over 13.5 metres (core length) at 1,057 metres depth and 13.7 g/t gold over 14.6 metres (core length) at 1,078 metres depth; and hole UGOD-057-017 intersecting 7.4 g/t gold over 6.7 metres (core length) at 1,003 metres depth. Ongoing drilling at Artemis is expected to further enhance the geological understanding of this new zone.

Selected recent drill intersections from the Odyssey mine are set out in the composite longitudinal section below and in a table in the Appendix.

[Odyssey – Composite Cross and Longitudinal Sections]

Marban

At the Marban deposit, located approximately 12 kilometres from the Canadian Malartic mill, the Company envisions the potential development of a satellite open pit operating at a planned mining rate between 14,000 to 16,000 tpd and producing approximately 120,000 to 150,000 ounces of gold annually over a mine life of approximately 12 years with the potential for initial production as early as 2033.

During the second quarter of 2026, the conversion and condemnation drilling program in the northern and eastern extensions of the Marban deposit was completed and a new drilling program commenced that is targeting deeper mineralization northwest of the main Marban deposit. Exploration, conversion, condemnation and geotechnical drilling at Marban during the first half of 2026 totalled 28,390 metres in 98 holes.

Wasamac

At Wasamac, the Company envisions an underground satellite operation with a planned mining rate of approximately 3,200 tpd. Ore is expected to be transported to the Canadian Malartic mill for processing, with average annual gold production expected to be approximately 90,000 ounces with the potential for initial production as early as 2033. In the second quarter of 2026, the Company continued to advance optimization and trade‑off studies alongside permitting activities and engagement with stakeholders.

Detour Lake – Potential for 300,000 to 350,000 ounces of incremental annual gold production

In the second quarter of 2026, 316 metres of lateral development were completed, for a total of 1,263 metres completed to-date, including development of the exploration ramp which reached a depth of 180 metres as of June 30, 2026. The Company is ramping up its workforce and integrating additional equipment in preparation for the commencement of multi‑face development expected to begin in the third quarter of 2026. Extension of the exploration ramp to the planned bulk‑sampling location at level 200 is expected to be completed in the first half of 2027. The Company expects to provide a project update in 2027, including the potential to begin underground production from the West Extension zone as early as 2028.

Other activities supporting the underground project during the second quarter of 2026 include overburden excavation for the conveyor ramp portal near the mill, with underground ramp development planned to begin in the first half of 2027. Work also progressed on the camp expansion and detailed engineering for the paste plant, ore-handling system, underground infrastructure and electrical infrastructure, with a focus on the procurement of long lead items.

At Detour Lake during the second quarter of 2026, exploration drilling from surface using nine drill rigs totalled 52,763 metres (91,815 metres during the first half of 2026). The program continued to expand and infill the mineralization below and to the west of the mineral resource pit. The first underground drill rig was mobilized in the exploration ramp in March 2026, with underground exploration drilling totalling 2,130 metres during the second quarter (2,856 metres during the first half of 2026). A second underground drill rig is planned to be added in the fourth quarter of 2026.

The Company continued the high-intensity drilling program targeting Domain 54 in the West Pit zone during the second quarter to validate the continuity of mineralization and improve the accuracy of the geological model to complement the planned bulk sample at level 200. Highlights from this drilling included hole DLM26-1334AW intersecting 2.5 g/t gold over 62.3 metres at 275 metres depth, including 15.2 g/t gold over 5.9 metres at 264 metres depth; and hole DLM26-1324 intersecting 4.5 g/t gold over 15.3 metres at 229 metres depth, including 10.0 g/t gold over 4.9 metres at 233 metres depth, and 8.3 g/t gold over 4.3 metres at 268 metres depth.

Drilling in the West Extension zone, approximately 1.0 kilometre west of the resource-pit outline, continued to extend the underground mineral potential to the west with highlights of hole DLM26-1297A intersecting 13.5 g/t gold over 2.5 metres at 564 metres depth, 4.2 g/t gold over 6.7 metres at 610 metres depth and 4.6 g/t gold over 10.8 metres at 902 metres depth, including 14.7 g/t gold over 2.7 metres at 899 metres depth.

Drilling that tested the West Extension zone, approximately 2.3 kilometres west of the resource-pit outline, was highlighted by hole DLM26-1290 intersecting 20.8 g/t gold over 4.8 metres at 836 metres depth.

Selected recent drill intersections from Detour Lake are set out in the composite longitudinal section below and in a table in the Appendix.

[Detour Lake – Composite Longitudinal Section]

Upper Beaver – Potential for 200,000 to 225,000 ounces of annual gold production and 3,600 tonnes of copper

Located approximately 20 kilometres from the Company's Macassa mine, the Upper Beaver project is envisioned as a standalone mine and mill, with the potential to produce 200,000 to 225,000 ounces of gold and 3,600 tonnes of copper per year, based on a planned mining and milling rate of 5,000 tpd.

Development activities continued to progress well in the second quarter of 2026, with the exploration ramp and exploration shaft reaching depths of 165 metres and of 478 metres, respectively, as at June 30, 2026.

The high-intensity exploration drilling program at Upper Beaver was completed during the second quarter of 2026. The program was completed at a 20-metre spacing and focused on a portion of the Upper Beaver deposit between approximately 500 to 600 metres depth dominated by vein systems representative of the larger deposit. The primary objective of the high-intensity drilling is to validate the mineral resource model and assess grade-variability within the most representative geological zones. The high-intensity drilling program is expected to complement the planned bulk sample at the 760‑metre level and has the potential to bring forward initial production to early 2030.

The high-intensity drilling program started with zone 201 in late 2025 and continued with zone 107 during the first half of 2026. Recent highlights from zone 107 include hole KLUB26-915W7 intersecting 8.4 g/t gold and 0.10% copper over 6.8 metres at 558 metres depth, including 17.4 g/t gold and 0.31% copper over 1.5 metres at 561 metres depth; and hole KLUB26-917W5 intersecting 8.3 g/t gold and 0.26% copper over 4.5 metres at 682 metres depth and 12.0 g/t gold and 0.55% copper over 5.6 metres at 691 metres depth, including 28.8 g/t gold and 1.01% copper over 1.6 metres at 692 metres depth.

With the high-intensity drilling program now completed, an internal review of the results is underway that will include analysis of any impact on the deposit model and on the mineral reserves and mineral resources estimate.

The Company is also evaluating an expanded exploration program, including extending the shaft to a depth of 1,220 metres, as contemplated in the 2024 internal evaluation, and establishing additional drill stations to support infill and potential mineral resource expansion in the lower portion of the deposit. The Company expects to provide a project update in 2027.

Selected recent drill intersections from Upper Beaver are set out in the composite longitudinal section below and in a table in the Appendix.

[Upper Beaver – Composite Cross and Longitudinal Sections]

Hope Bay – Potential for 400,000 to 435,000 ounces of annual gold production

On May 19, 2026, the Company announced a positive investment decision for the Hope Bay project, supported by a preliminary economic assessment (the "Study") envisioning an underground mining operation with a 6,000 tpd processing facility. The Study outlined estimated annual gold production of 400,000 to 435,000 ounces over an initial 11-year mine life and demonstrated strong economics, including an after-tax IRR of greater than 20% at a gold price of $4,000 per ounce. With only 55% of the total measured mineral resources and indicated mineral resources and 48% of the total inferred mineral resources included in the mine plan, the project offers significant long-term growth potential supported by ongoing exploration across the highly prospective 80-kilometre greenstone belt extending from the Doris mine to the Boston deposit. Refer to the Company news release dated May 19, 2026, for further details.

During the quarter, detailed engineering continued to advance, reaching approximately 67% completion as of June 30, 2026, with a focus on reducing execution risk and refining capital cost estimates. Planning and procurement activities also progressed as scheduled in preparation for the upcoming sealift season, with 73% of 2026 procurement completed and on track to support the first sealift, expected in August 2026.

Construction activities at Hope Bay continued to advance during the quarter. At Doris, work progressed on upgrades to the camp and office facilities, as well as construction of the power plant foundations. At Madrid, mine development advanced by 707 metres during the quarter, with the Naartok East ramp reaching a depth of 125 metres and the Naartok West ramp reaching a depth of 105 metres. Development of the dewatering infrastructure at Naartok East remains on schedule and is progressing ahead of the planned start of the Suluk ramp. Infrastructure and ramp development will continue through 2026, with a total of 3.3 kilometres planned. At Patch 7, excavation of the portal boxcut for the dedicated ramp was completed and ramp development began in July. A total of 393 metres of development is planned at Patch 7 for 2026.

Exploration and conversion drilling at Hope Bay totalled 36,740 metres during the second quarter (69,400 metres during the first half of 2026), utilizing up to six surface drill rigs at the Madrid and Boston deposits. Activities were primarily focused on the Patch 7 and Suluk zones of the Madrid deposit, including 30,557 metres of conversion drilling and 2,913 metres of mineral-resource expansion drilling.

At Patch 7, recent highlights from the conversion drilling included HBM26-466 intersecting 13.7 g/t gold over 15.4 metres at 609 metres depth, HBM26-478A intersecting 15.2 g/t gold over 15.6 metres at 710 metres depth and HBM26-481 intersecting 18.5 g/t gold over 11.3 metres at 328 metres depth. Exploration drilling returned highlight hole HBM26-469 intersecting 31.6 g/t gold over 3.8 metres at 852 metres depth in one of the deepest intersections of the Patch 7 zone to date.

Drilling into the Suluk zone was highlighted by hole HBM26-464 intersecting 6.7 g/t gold over 8.9 metres at 129 metres depth, further demonstrating the potential for mineral resource expansion at shallow depths near planned infrastructure.

These results are expected to contribute positively to the mineral resource estimate and updated prefeasibility study planned to be completed at year-end 2026.

Selected recent drill intersections from the Madrid deposit are set out in the composite longitudinal section below and in a table in the Appendix.

[Madrid Deposit at Hope Bay – Composite Longitudinal Section]

In the second quarter of 2026, the Company started its first exploration drill program at the Boston deposit since acquiring Hope Bay in 2021. The Boston deposit is located approximately 50 kilometres south of Madrid and was not included in the Study. The program is progressing well, with 3,270 metres completed to date. Total drilling in 2026 is now expected to be approximately 6,500 metres in eight holes due to strong drilling productivity.

San Nicolás Copper Project (50/50 joint venture with Teck Resources Limited)

Minas de San Nicolás ("MDSN") received the land use change (ETJ) and the environmental impact assessment (MIA-R) permits in July 2026, marking an important milestone for the responsible development of the San Nicolás Project. MDSN acknowledges the detailed and exhaustive work of the Mexican authorities throughout the permitting process and remains committed to regulatory compliance, environmental stewardship and creating shared value for local communities. MDSN is now expected to advance the additional permits, authorizations and licenses required under Mexican law before construction or operations can commence.

Concurrently, MDSN continues to advance detailed engineering and critical infrastructure work designed to reduce execution risk and refine capital costs estimates, while accelerating construction and operational readiness activities to position the project for a potential sanction decision, subject to the receipt of the required permits and authorizations.

Drilling activities are continuing with a focus on condemnation drilling and geological evaluation in proximity to the projected mine area.

Second Quarter 2026 Operating Results

Regional operating statistics and highlights for the second quarter of 2026 are set out below. See the MD&A under the caption "Financial and Operating Results" for a variance analysis on gold production, production costs, minesite costs per tonne and total cash costs per ounce compared to the prior-year period.

ABITIBI REGION, QUEBEC

Gold Production for the First Half of 2026 in Line with Plan; Update on Barnat Operations; Record Quarterly Gold Production at Odyssey

Abitibi Quebec – Operating Statistics

Three Months Ended June 30, 2026

LaRonde

Canadian

Malartic

Goldex

Consolidated

Abitibi

Quebec Tonnes of ore milled (thousands)

713

4,387

817

5,917 Tonnes of ore milled per day

7,835

48,209

8,978

65,022 Gold grade (g/t)

3.80

1.06

1.35

1.43 Gold production (ounces)

81,261

135,243

29,277

245,781 Production costs per tonne (C$)

C$ 219

C$ 40

C$ 69

C$ 65 Minesite costs per tonne (C$)10

C$ 183

C$ 52

C$ 71

C$ 70 Production costs per ounce

$ 1,390

$ 933

$ 1,394

$ 1,139 Total cash costs per ounce

$ 953

$ 1,185

$ 1,081

$ 1,096

Six Months Ended June 30, 2026

LaRonde

Canadian

Malartic

Goldex

Consolidated

Abitibi

Quebec Tonnes of ore milled (thousands)

1,489

9,094

1,630

12,213 Tonnes of ore milled per day

8,227

50,243

9,006

67,476 Gold grade (g/t)

3.67

1.13

1.35

1.47 Gold production (ounces)

162,857

301,459

58,649

522,965 Production costs per tonne (C$)

C$ 186

C$ 39

C$ 69

C$ 61 Minesite costs per tonne (C$)

C$ 179

C$ 51

C$ 68

C$ 69 Production costs per ounce

$ 1,234

$ 850

$ 1,378

$ 1,029 Total cash costs per ounce

$ 990

$ 1,082

$ 998

$ 1,044

__________________________________ 10 Minesite costs per tonne is a non-GAAP measure that is not standardized under IFRS Accounting Standards. For a description of the composition and usefulness of this non-GAAP measure and a reconciliation to production costs see Note Regarding Certain Measures of Performance below.

Regional Highlights

Gold production in the second quarter of 2026 was in line with plan at LaRonde and Goldex while gold production at Canadian Malartic was affected by an unscheduled 6-day mill shutdown related to the fatal accident in April. Despite the lower than expected gold production at Canadian Malartic in the second quarter of 2026, gold production for the first half of 2026 was in line with plan

At LaRonde, strong underground performance resulted in ore tonnes mined exceeding plan, primarily driven by positive reconciliation in the East Mine. The additional volumes are expected to support mill throughput during the planned underground maintenance shutdown in the third quarter of 2026

At LaRonde, the Company continued to advance its automation initiatives, with approximately 25% of ore mucking completed using automated loaders during the first half of 2026. At LZ5, automated trucking performance continued to improve, achieving an average of approximately 2,030 tonnes per fully automated shift during June 2026. In addition, optimization initiatives enabled approximately 10% of total production to be completed between shifts, enhancing productivity and equipment utilization

At Odyssey, gold production was a record and in line with plan at 28,800 ounces, with production from East Gouldie ramping up during the quarter

At LaRonde, quarterly shutdowns are scheduled in the third and fourth quarters of 2026 for regular maintenance at the mill, each planned for four to five days. Canadian Malartic has four-day quarterly shutdowns planned in 2026 for regular maintenance at the mill. Goldex has two to three-day quarterly shutdowns planned for regular maintenance at the mill

An update on Odyssey and the "fill-the-mill" strategy is set out in the Key Value Drivers – Advancing the Next Phase of Growth section above

Update on Barnat Open Pit at Canadian Malartic

On July 1, 2026, a rock mass movement occurred along the north wall of the Barnat open pit as previously disclosed in the news release dated July 2, 2026. The area affected was, at the time, subject to enhanced geotechnical monitoring and no injuries, equipment damage or environmental impacts resulted from the event. As a precautionary measure and prior to the rock mass movement, the Company temporarily suspended mining operations in the Barnat open pit, while completing geotechnical assessments and implementing remediation measures to support the safe and orderly resumption of mining activities

The rock mass movement occurred in a localized area of the final north wall of the open pit and involved approximately one million tonnes of material. While the geotechnical investigation is still ongoing, the event is believed to have been caused by weaker altered rock and structures associated with the Cadillac Fault, with ground conditions further influenced by freshet and recent heavy rainfall

Under the current remediation plan, the moved rock mass material will remain in place and a safety rock catchment area and berm will be constructed along portions of the north wall. A new temporary access ramp alongside the southwest wall, completed in July 2026, will provide access to a redesigned open pit, with final pit and remediation designs currently being refined. Remediation work is expected to be completed in the third quarter of 2026, with mining activities anticipated to resume in the fourth quarter of 2026. Enhanced safety protocols, monitoring and action response plans will remain in place throughout the remediation period and following the resumption of mining activities

As reported on July 2, 2026, the event is expected to reduce gold production at Canadian Malartic by 60,000 to 80,000 ounces in the second half of 2026, and by up to 150,000 ounces in each of 2027 and 2028. Feed to the Canadian Malartic processing plant is being supplemented with low-grade ore from existing stockpiles, partially mitigating the production impact. Reflecting the lower production levels and remediation costs, total cash costs per ounce at Canadian Malartic are now expected to be approximately $1,260 for full year 2026, compared with prior guidance of $1,187. The Company continues to assess opportunities to further mitigate the impact on production and costs

ABITIBI REGION, ONTARIO

Strong Mill Performance and Higher Grades Support Gold Production at Detour Lake; Record Quarterly Mill Throughput at Macassa for Second Consecutive Quarter

Abitibi Ontario – Operating Statistics

Three Months Ended June 30, 2026

Detour Lake

Macassa

Consolidated

Abitibi Ontario Tonnes of ore milled (thousands)

7,305

236

7,541 Tonnes of ore milled per day

80,275

2,593

82,868 Gold grade (g/t)

0.97

10.96

1.28 Gold production (ounces)

207,279

80,143

287,422 Production costs per tonne (C$)

C$ 29

C$ 413

C$ 41 Minesite costs per tonne (C$)

C$ 33

C$ 492

C$ 47 Production costs per ounce

$ 741

$ 877

$ 779 Total cash costs per ounce

$ 825

$ 1,041

$ 885

Six Months Ended June 30, 2026

Detour Lake

Macassa

Consolidated

Abitibi Ontario Tonnes of ore milled (thousands)

14,053

385

14,438 Tonnes of ore milled per day

77,641

2,127

79,768 Gold grade (g/t)

0.93

11.33

1.21 Gold production (ounces)

384,298

135,736

520,034 Production costs per tonne (C$)

C$ 32

C$ 512

C$ 44 Minesite costs per tonne (C$)

C$ 34

C$ 557

C$ 48 Production costs per ounce

$ 838

$ 1,052

$ 894 Total cash costs per ounce

$ 894

$ 1,129

$ 955

Regional Highlights

Regional gold production for the quarter was led by Detour Lake. Strong production at Detour Lake was driven by a higher grade sequence and a strong mine and mill performance. At Macassa, the mill achieved record quarterly throughput for the second consecutive quarter

At Detour Lake, a record of 30.6 million tonnes of ore and waste were extracted from the open pit, driven by higher rope shovel utilization and availability. Mill performance remained strong, with record tonnes of ore milled per day of 80,275 and mill runtime at approximately 96%, higher than anticipated, with the seven-day planned shutdown completed in July

At Macassa, commissioning of the new 3,600 tpd paste plant progressed during the quarter, including underground distribution system testing, operator training, and process calibration. The plant is operational and undergoing final optimization activities, with full transition of paste production from the existing plant expected during the third quarter of 2026

Trucking of ore from the AK deposit to the LZ5 processing facility at LaRonde for milling commenced in the second quarter of 2026 following the permit amendment approval. The LZ5 mill processed 71,000 tonnes of ore from the AK deposit and produced 7,800 ounces of gold

Detour Lake has scheduled shutdowns for regular mill maintenance in the third and fourth quarters of 2026, each lasting seven days. Macassa has scheduled a five-day shutdown in the third quarter of 2026 for the replacement of the primary grinding mill liner, the annual overhaul of the crusher and other regular mill maintenance

Updates on the Detour Lake underground and Upper Beaver projects are set out in the Key Value Drivers – Advancing the Next Phase of Growth section above

NUNAVUT

Record Quarterly Mill Throughput at Meliadine Supported by Strong Hauling Performance; Quarterly Production at Meadowbank Affected by Freshet, Full-Year Guidance Remains on Track

Nunavut – Operating Statistics

Three Months Ended June 30, 2026

Meliadine

Meadowbank

Consolidated

Nunavut Tonnes of ore milled (thousands)

648

1,013

1,661 Tonnes of ore milled per day

7,121

11,132

18,253 Gold grade (g/t)

4.77

3.41

3.94 Gold production (ounces)

97,516

100,165

197,681 Production costs per tonne (C$)

C$ 260

C$ 204

C$ 226 Minesite costs per tonne (C$)

C$ 215

C$ 167

C$ 186 Production costs per ounce

$ 1,255

$ 1,494

$ 1,376 Total cash costs per ounce

$ 1,033

$ 1,206

$ 1,121

Six Months Ended June 30, 2026

Meliadine

Meadowbank

Consolidated

Nunavut Tonnes of ore milled (thousands)

1,206

2,112

3,318 Tonnes of ore milled per day

6,669

11,669

18,338 Gold grade (g/t)

5.10

3.49

4.08 Gold production (ounces)

191,347

214,027

405,374 Production costs per tonne (C$)

C$ 247

C$ 218

C$ 228 Minesite costs per tonne (C$)

C$ 241

C$ 162

C$ 191 Production costs per ounce

$ 1,128

$ 1,557

$ 1,355 Total cash costs per ounce

$ 1,096

$ 1,139

$ 1,119

Regional Highlights

Gold production in the quarter was lower than planned, primarily as a result of lower than anticipated grades at Meadowbank as well as challenging freshet conditions and greater than expected rainfall in June which affected the open pit ore mined

At Meliadine, strong open pit hauling performance drove higher ore tonnes mined and the mill achieved record quarterly throughput of 648,000 tonnes. Gold production was in line with plan as higher ore tonnes processed were offset by lower than anticipated grades

At Meadowbank, gold grades were lower than planned as a result of mine sequencing. Gold production for the full year 2026 remains in line with plan

Meliadine has scheduled a four-day shutdown for regular mill maintenance in the third quarter of 2026. Meadowbank has scheduled a five-day shutdown in the fourth quarter of 2026 to replace the SAG and ball mill liners and complete other regular mill maintenance

Exploration drilling at Meliadine was highlighted by hole ML425-8846-D15 intersecting 10.9 g/t gold over 6.6 metres at 694 metres depth in the western deep extension of the Tiriganiaq deposit and hole ML425-10071-D9 intersecting 9.0 g/t gold over 4.9 metres at 663 metres depth approximately 150 metres north of mineral resources in the eastern portion of the deposit. Step-out drilling at the Wesmeg North deposit returned 11.3 g/t gold over 7.7 metres at 744 metres depth in hole ML425-9408-D20 and 10.1 g/t gold over 3.0 metres at 855 metres depth in hole ML425-9408-D1C, approximately 200 metres below current mineral resources, further demonstrating the depth potential of mineralization at Wesmeg North

An update on Hope Bay is set out in the Key Value Drivers – Advancing the Next Phase of Growth section above

AUSTRALIA

Strong Production at Fosterville Supported by Higher Grades; Primary Ventilation System Upgrade Completed

Fosterville – Operating Statistics

Three Months Ended

June 30, 2026

Six Months Ended

June 30, 2026 Tonnes of ore milled (thousands)

204

420 Tonnes of ore milled per day

2,242

2,320 Gold grade (g/t)

6.68

6.49 Gold production (ounces)

42,012

83,455 Production costs per tonne (A$)

A$ 365

A$ 336 Minesite costs per tonne (A$)

A$ 341

A$ 328 Production costs per ounce

$ 1,230

$ 1,165 Total cash costs per ounce

$ 1,114

$ 1,118

Highlights

Gold production in the quarter was higher than planned driven by higher gold grades primarily as a result of positive grade reconciliation and higher mill recovery. The increase in production was partially offset by lower throughput as a result of lower volumes mined from the Phoenix and Harrier zones as the Company completed and commissioned an upgrade to the underground primary ventilation system to sustain the mining rate in the Lower Phoenix zones in future years

At the processing plant, ongoing work to upgrade the grinding circuit and related ancillary equipment continued during the quarter, including the installation of a new BIOX tank. The mill upgrades are expected to achieve the targeted 3,300 tpd throughput starting in 2028

Fosterville has scheduled quarterly five-day shutdowns for regular mill maintenance in 2026

Deep exploration drilling at Fosterville in the Lower Phoenix structure was highlighted by hole UDH5161 intersecting 9.6 g/t gold over 10.2 metres at 1,785 metres depth in the Cardinal zone, approximately 40 metres down-plunge from mineral reserves; hole UDH5162A intersecting 16.8 g/t gold over 4.5 metres at 1,789 metres depth in the Cardinal zone, approximately 40 metres above a previously interpreted plunging visible-gold trend; and hole UDH5178 intersecting 5.1 g/t gold over 21.4 metres at 1,845 metres depth in the Swan zone, approximately 55 metres south of current mineral reserves. At Robbins Hill, drilling was highlighted by hole UDH5188 intersecting 9.9 g/t gold over 6.0 metres at 810 metres depth in the SW Linker 1 zone and laterally from the nearby Hoffman mineral reserves; and hole UDH5214 intersecting 9.1 g/t gold over 4.8 metres at 477 metres depth in the Curie zone immediately above current mineral reserves

FINLAND

Record Quarterly Mill Throughput Drives Strong Production; Optimization Initiatives Continue to Deliver Excellent Cost Performance

Kittila – Operating Statistics

Three Months Ended

June 30, 2026

Six Months Ended

June 30, 2026 Tonnes of ore milled (thousands)

583

1,031 Tonnes of ore milled per day

6,407

5,696 Gold grade (g/t)

4.07

4.12 Gold production (ounces)

61,969

110,496 Production costs per tonne (€)

€ 100

€ 113 Minesite costs per tonne (€)

€ 104

€ 112 Production costs per ounce

$ 1,091

$ 1,227 Total cash costs per ounce

$ 1,133

$ 1,212

Highlights – Kittila

Gold production in the quarter was above plan, driven primarily by record mill throughput and higher grades, partially offset by lower recovery. Higher gold grades reflect positive grade reconciliation

Mill recovery remained lower than planned at 81%. The Company continues to advance several recovery improvement initiatives, including the optimization of reagent usage based on feed blend, the addition of new instrumentation at the autoclave for process optimization and pilot testing of a heated leach plant

Underground operations delivered solid performance during the quarter, with development in line with plan. The mine continues to achieve productivity gains, reflecting sustained improvement initiatives implemented over the past year and partially offsetting increases in royalty costs and energy costs during the quarter

Kittila has scheduled a 17-day shutdown for regular maintenance on the mill and autoclave relining in the fourth quarter of 2026

Exploration drilling at Kittila extended Main Zone mineralization northwards by up to 60 metres beyond current mineral resources in the Seuru area at moderate depths. Highlights included hole SEU-602 intersecting 5.9 g/t gold over 6.7 metres at 961 metres depth and hole SEU25-700L intersecting 5.4 g/t gold over 6.2 metres at 1,401 metres depth

Highlights – Ikkari Project and Contingent Value Rights

On April 20, 2026, the Company announced a comprehensive consolidation of properties in the Central Lapland Greenstone Belt of Northern Finland through the acquisitions of Rupert Resources Ltd. ("Rupert") and Aurion Resources Ltd. ("Aurion") and the acquisition of the 70% interest in Fingold Ventures Ltd. held by B2Gold Corp. (the other 30% held by Aurion). These transactions consolidate a highly prospective 2,492 km 2 land package encompassing the Kittila mine, the advanced Ikkari exploration project and substantial exploration upside across multiple targets, including several recent discoveries. The transactions were completed in the second quarter of 2026 as set out below: On April 22, 2026, the Company acquired B2Gold's 70% interest of FinGold JV for cash consideration of $325 million On June 15, 2026, the Company acquired all of the outstanding common shares of Aurion (the "Aurion Shares"), other than the Aurion Shares then-held by Agnico Eagle. Each Aurion Share was acquired for C$2.60 in cash, for aggregate consideration of $339 million (C$474.5 million) On June 16, 2026, the Company acquired all of the outstanding common shares of Rupert (the "Rupert Shares"), other than the Rupert Shares then-held by Agnico Eagle for: (i) 0.0401 of a common share of Agnico Eagle (aggregate consideration of $1,687 million); and (ii) contingent consideration with a value of up to C$3.00 per share, in the form of a contingent value right ("CVR"). Each CVR has a term of 10 years from the June 16, 2026 issue date and entitles the holder thereof to receive up to $3.00 in cash upon certain milestones being reached in respect of the properties acquired from Rupert (the "Acquired Properties"). The milestones and related payments under the CVRs are:

land package encompassing the Kittila mine, the advanced Ikkari exploration project and substantial exploration upside across multiple targets, including several recent discoveries. The transactions were completed in the second quarter of 2026 as set out below:

a) $1.00 upon the public announcement of at least 5 million ounces of gold in mineral reserves on the Acquired Properties;

b) $1.00 upon the public announcement of both: (i) the Acquired Properties achieving commercial production; and (ii) the Acquired Properties reaching 7.5 million ounces of gold in aggregate mineral reserves and production; and

c) $1.00 upon the public announcement of both: (i) the Acquired Properties achieving commercial production; and (ii) the Acquired Properties reaching 10 million ounces of gold in aggregate mineral reserves and production. There can be no assurance that any of the above milestones will be satisfied prior to the expiry of the CVRs or that any holder of CVRs will receive any payment thereunder.

Following the completion of these transactions, the Company advanced integration activities, including the transfer of employees, alignment of business systems and processes and ongoing stakeholder engagement. Exploration drilling by the Company has commenced at Ikkari, including condemnation drilling to support infrastructure placement and project development planning, with additional step-out drilling expected along the Ikkari trend as the Company increases drilling capacity on the property. Concurrently, technical review and validation work is progressing to support future mine planning and the completion of an internal evaluation for the optimized mine design targeted by the end of 2027

As at July 29, 2026, the Company had 207,654,166 CVRs outstanding. The Company's obligation to make payments under the CVRs is conditional on the satisfaction of certain payment conditions prior to the expiry of the CVRs, as described in the contingent value rights agreement dated June 16, 2026 between the Company and Computershare Trust Company of Canada, a copy of which is available under the Company's profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca

MEXICO

Strong Performance at Pinos Altos and Cubiro Drives Higher Mill Throughput

Pinos Altos – Operating Statistics

Three Months

Ended June 30, 2026

Six Months Ended

June 30, 2026 Tonnes of ore milled (thousands)

442

869 Tonnes of ore milled per day

4,857

4,801 Gold grade (g/t)

1.54

1.45 Gold production (ounces)

20,951

38,601 Production costs per tonne

$ 133

$ 143 Minesite costs per tonne

$ 132

$ 134 Production costs per ounce

$ 2,796

$ 3,231 Total cash costs per ounce

$ 1,873

$ 2,073
[Source link]: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/agnico-eagle-reports-second-quarter-2026-results--record-quarterly-free-cash-flow-reflects-solid-operational-performance-record-quarterly-shareholder-returns-302837897.html


[TITLE]Farmland Partners Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2026 Results:
[TEXT]
Add AP News as your preferred source to see more of our stories on Google.

Add AP News on Google Add AP News as your preferred source to see more of our stories on Google. Share

DENVER--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul 29, 2026--

Farmland Partners Inc. (NYSE: FPI) (“FPI” or the “Company”) today reported financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2026.

Selected Highlights

For the quarter ended June 30, 2026, the Company:

recorded net income of $3.1 million, or $0.07 per share available to common stockholders, compared to $7.8 million, or $0.15 per share available to common stockholders for the same period in 2025;

recorded AFFO of $1.7 million, or $0.04 per share, compared to $1.3 million, or $0.03 per share, for the same period in 2025;

recognized Net Operating Income (“NOI”) of $7.1 million, an increase of 2.9%, compared to the same period in 2025 (a 4.7% increase year-to date compared to the same period in 2025);

made repayments of $8.0 million against the Company’s lines of credit reducing debt as a percentage of gross book value to 35.5%;

completed the disposition of one property for consideration of approximately $7.0 million and recognized a gain on sale of $3.5 million; and

increased the low end of the 2026 AFFO per share guidance range to $0.31 from $0.30. The top end of the range remains at $0.35 per share.

CEO Comments

Luca Fabbri, President and Chief Executive Officer, commented: “We continue to deliver strong total returns to our shareholders by generating consistent cash flow from efficient operations and strong performance of our core business, aided by a resilient farm economy. We continue to evaluate further opportunities for asset disposals in the remainder of the year, generating proceeds that may be used to reduce debt or fund stock buybacks. Over the past several years, we have focused on creating a leaner corporate structure while streamlining our core business. Those efforts are translating into improved operating profitability and stronger cash flow from operations. We remain confident in both our business model and the enduring strength of farmland as a low-volatility, total-return asset class. We look forward to a strong remainder of the year.”

Financial and Operating Results

The table below shows financial and operating results for the three and six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025 (unaudited).

(in thousands) For the three months ended June 30, For the six months ended June 30, Financial Results: 2026 2025 Change 2026 2025 Change Net Income $ 3,131 $ 7,792 (59.8 )% $ 3,777 $ 9,885 (61.8 )% Net income available to common stockholders ⁽¹⁾ $ 0.07 $ 0.15 (53.3 )% $ 0.08 $ 0.18 (55.6 )% AFFO (2) $ 1,694 $ 1,297 30.6 % $ 3,769 $ 3,581 5.2 % AFFO per weighted average common share $ 0.04 $ 0.03 33.3 % $ 0.09 $ 0.08 12.5 % Adjusted EBITDAre (2) $ 4,801 $ 4,469 7.4 % $ 9,808 $ 10,151 (3.4 )% Operating Results: Total Operating Revenues $ 9,397 $ 9,960 (5.7 )% $ 19,499 $ 20,212 (3.5 )% Net Operating Income (NOI) $ 7,092 $ 6,890 2.9 % $ 15,696 $ 14,998 4.7 %

(1) Basic net income per share available to common stockholders. See “Note 9—Stockholders’ Equity and Non-controlling Interests” in the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and six months ended June 30, 2026, when filed,
[Source link]: https://apnews.com/press-release/business-wire/press-release-c6f7755c2a7c4d67b033e5f57321b222


===== Company info for companies mentioned in news =====

Company name: agnico eagle mines
symbol: AEM
market_cap: None
pe: None
enterprise_value: None
ebitda: None
revenue: None
net_income: None
cap_bucket: None
as_of: 1785464593
name: agnico eagle mines
------------------------------------------------------------------

Company name: farmland partners
name: farmland partners
symbol: None
note: non-listable or generic entity
------------------------------------------------------------------

Company name: nigerian exports
name: nigerian exports
symbol: None
note: no reliable listing found
------------------------------------------------------------------

Company name: pwc
symbol: PWC.F
market_cap: None
pe: None
enterprise_value: None
ebitda: None
revenue: None
net_income: None
cap_bucket: None
as_of: 1785464594
name: pwc
------------------------------------------------------------------

================================================================================

[TITLE]Reformation Announces Pricing of Initial Public Offering:
[TEXT]
LOS ANGELES, July 29, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Reformation Inc. ("Reformation"), the global womenswear brand, today announced the pricing of its initial public offering of 14,062,500 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $15.00 per share. Reformation is offering 9,478,821 shares of common stock and certain of its existing stockholders (the "Selling Stockholders") are offering 4,583,679 shares of common stock. In connection with the offering, the Selling Stockholders have granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 2,109,375 shares of common stock at the initial public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions.

The shares of common stock are expected to begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange on July 30, 2026 under the ticker symbol "REF." The closing of the offering is expected to occur on July 31, 2026, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

J.P. Morgan and Morgan Stanley are acting as joint lead bookrunning managers, and Citigroup and RBC Capital Markets are acting as joint bookrunning managers on the offering. Guggenheim Securities, Baird, William Blair and BTIG are acting as additional bookrunning managers on the offering. Telsey Advisory Group is acting as co-manager on the offering.

A registration statement on Form S-1 relating to these securities was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on July 29, 2026. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. Copies of the final prospectus related to the offering, when available, may be obtained by visiting EDGAR on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, copies of the final prospectus, when available, may be obtained from: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, or by email at [email protected] and [email protected]; and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York 10014.

This
[Source link]: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/reformation-announces-pricing-of-initial-public-offering-302838374.html


[TITLE]EXCLUSIVE: Is Bangladesh’s Sourcing Story Out of Date?:
[TEXT]
Ask Assef Shaikh
[Source link]: https://wwd.com/sourcing-journal/trade/bangladesh-sourcing-bgmea-harnest-tariffs-1239086282/


[TITLE]Seven For All Mankind’s President on Transformation Into a Ready-to-wear and Jeans Brand:
[TEXT]
Seven For All Mankind is tracking success as it evolves into a ready-to-wear player.

The brand, which hired Nicola Brognano as its creative director last December, has shown a notable uplift in its wholesale performance, adding new accounts globally and wholesaling the rtw into its major U.S. denim accounts.

Over the past several years, Seven For All Mankind has also combined its U.S. and European operations into one global organization.

“Last year was a phenomenal year and this year will be better,” predicted Sacha Gomez de Zamora Ford, the brand’s global president, in an interview during a visit to its New York headquarters.

You May Also Like

Gomez de Zamora Ford, who divides his time between offices in Milan and Mendrisio, Switzerland, attributes that success to simplifying the brand’s business and going from two organizations to one. When the brand was previously owned by VF Corp., there were two companies — Europe and the U.S. — with different products and design tools. Following COVID-19, the leadership was unified, and when Gomez de Zamora Ford rejoined the company at the end of 2023 after a previous 14-year run there, the first thing he did was make the organization global, align the product calendars, design and product development. Delta Galil acquired Seven For All Mankind in 2016.

Sacha Gomez de Zamora Ford Courtesy of Seven for all Mankind

Currently the U.S. — and Canada — is Seven For All Mankind’s biggest market and accounts for 60 percent of the business. “The U.S. is much more dynamic so you need to be fast in the U.S. to capitalize on bestsellers,” he said.

New accounts include Antonia in Italy and Nubian in Japan, and existing partners such as Bloomingdale’s will be adding ready-to-wear to their existing denim buy. Seven For All Mankind will also be returning to Nordstrom with both denim and rtw. Of its current wholesale market, 37 percent are new clients.

The brand’s biggest accounts in the U.S. are Nordstrom and Bloomingdale’s. “Obviously, Saks is a bit of a hit or miss in the past years,” he said.

Seven For All Mankind experienced a 6 percent growth rate in sales for 2025 with a 69 percent increase in earnings before interest and taxes over the same period. In the first quarter of 2026, the brand has seen 9 percent growth year-over-year, with a 75 percent profit gain. New initiatives include product innovation in denim and rtw, expanding margins through premium brand elevation and investment in marketing to elevate the brand’s look and feel.

Seven For All Mankind, fall 2026 WWD

Seven For All Mankind, which was launched in 2000, is often credited with creating the premium denim segment — the $200 jeans. The first big challenge came from J Brand, and then a plethora of companies entered the market which are still here such as Citizens of Humanity, Mother, Frame, Paige and AG, Ford said.

Discussing the industry overall, he said first came the jeans explosion, then the bags, shoes, outerwear, sneakers and luxury apparel.

Talking
[Source link]: http://wwd.com/business-news/markets/seven-for-all-mankinds-global-president-talks-transformation-business-jeans-to-ready-to-wear-1239081022/


[Failed to load article at https://www.thestreet.com/retail/calida-group-sells-cosabella-lingerie]


===== Company info for companies mentioned in news =====

Company name: bangladesh
name: bangladesh
symbol: None
note: no reliable listing found
------------------------------------------------------------------

Company name: calida group
name: calida group
symbol: None
note: no reliable listing found
------------------------------------------------------------------

Company name: reformation
name: reformation
symbol: None
note: no reliable listing found
------------------------------------------------------------------

Company name: seven for all mankind
name: seven for all mankind
symbol: None
error: 422 Client Error: Unprocessable Entity for url: https://finnhub.io/api/v1/search?q=seven+for+all+mankind&token=d36pnjpr01qtvbtinv3gd36pnjpr01qtvbtinv40
------------------------------------------------------------------

================================================================================

[TITLE]Reformation Announces Pricing of Initial Public Offering:
[TEXT]
LOS ANGELES, July 29, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Reformation Inc. ("Reformation"), the global womenswear brand, today announced the pricing of its initial public offering of 14,062,500 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $15.00 per share. Reformation is offering 9,478,821 shares of common stock and certain of its existing stockholders (the "Selling Stockholders") are offering 4,583,679 shares of common stock. In connection with the offering, the Selling Stockholders have granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 2,109,375 shares of common stock at the initial public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions.

The shares of common stock are expected to begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange on July 30, 2026 under the ticker symbol "REF." The closing of the offering is expected to occur on July 31, 2026, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

J.P. Morgan and Morgan Stanley are acting as joint lead bookrunning managers, and Citigroup and RBC Capital Markets are acting as joint bookrunning managers on the offering. Guggenheim Securities, Baird, William Blair and BTIG are acting as additional bookrunning managers on the offering. Telsey Advisory Group is acting as co-manager on the offering.

A registration statement on Form S-1 relating to these securities was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on July 29, 2026. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. Copies of the final prospectus related to the offering, when available, may be obtained by visiting EDGAR on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, copies of the final prospectus, when available, may be obtained from: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, or by email at [email protected] and [email protected]; and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York 10014.

This
[Source link]: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/reformation-announces-pricing-of-initial-public-offering-302838374.html


[TITLE]The Chinese robot army transforming the UK's retail industry:
[TEXT]
Every time you click "buy" on an online order, the chances are that your purchase starts getting processed within minutes.

Increasingly, the journey starts with a squat silver floor robot gliding beneath a storage rack, lifting a shelf and carrying it across a warehouse to a waiting worker.

At Geek+'s factory in the eastern Chinese city of Hefei, which the BBC visited, fleets of the robots are built and tested before being shipped to warehouses around the world.

Some of Britain's biggest retailers - including Tesco, Asda and Next - now use the company's technology.

By automating these repetitive journeys, Geek+ says retailers can increase picking speeds, store more goods in spaces that are hard to reach for humans, and reduce errors.

Unlike traditional warehouse automation, which relies on fixed conveyor systems and permanent infrastructure, autonomous mobile robots can be deployed simply using QR code floor markers and safety fencing.

Geek+, which listed in Hong Kong last year in one of the biggest robotics share sales of 2025, has become the world's largest supplier of autonomous mobile robots.
[Source link]: https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/c0jl8v23qwgo


[TITLE]Vinted taps DHL’s Germany collection points to expand second-hand market:
[TEXT]
Vinted, one of Europe's largest marketplaces for buying and selling pre-owned items between private individuals, will direct customers in Germany to ship or exchange goods through DHL Group's (XETRA: DHL) network of parcel lockers and digital kiosks, under a new strategic partnership aimed at making peer-to-peer purchases as convenient as ones through online retailers.

Private-party sales of used items through online marketplaces have become very popular in Germany. According to the latest DHL E-Commerce Trends Report, 67% of online shoppers in the country have already sold items via a digital platform.

Vinted and DHL announced Wednesday they are working together to expand and simplify the shipping and collection of Vinted parcels through DHL's network of Packstations (automated, self-service locker systems that allows users to send, receive and drop-off parcels around the clock), Poststations (digital Deutsche Post retail outlets where users can take care of postal business) and DeinFach lockers (a carrier neutral parcel locker network).

DHL operates the most extensive parcel shipping network in Germany, including 41,000 parcel drop-off and collection points at post offices, parcel shops and automated facilities.

The Vinted collaboration builds on a multi-month pilot program that both companies recently completed, DHL spokeswoman Sarah Preuss explained in an email message.

A particular focus is on the locker-to-locker shipping option, which is expected to be used more widely on the platform in the future, the companies said.

Using DHL Packstations, Vinted sellers can drop off parcels any time, while buyers can collect them whenever it suits them. Shipping via Packstations is already available without prior registration. In addition, Vinted buyers do not need to register for the Packstation service in order to receive parcels at a Packstation. The collection code required for pickup is sent by DHL via email and will also be available directly through Vinted in the future.

A resident in Duisberg, Germany, collects a package from a DHL Packstation. (Photo: DHL Group)

"Reselling used goods online has evolved from a niche activity to an everyday phenomenon within just a few years. As a result, expectations regarding shipping are rising. People buying and selling privately want shipping to involve as little effort as possible. … Many people want to send or collect parcels independently of opening hours. This is exactly why automated solutions such as Packstations are becoming increasingly important. That is also why we will continue to invest heavily in expanding our automated network in the years ahead," said Benjamin Rasch, head of sales and products, Post & Parcel Germany, DHL Group.
[Source link]: https://finance.yahoo.com/small-business/articles/vinted-taps-dhl-germany-collection-162615559.html


[TITLE]L’Oréal CEO Talks Strategy as Q2 Results Beat Expectations:
[TEXT]
NEW YORK — L’Oréal’s second-quarter revenues broadly beat market expectations, registering 6.3 percent adjusted like-for-like growth.

That compares to consensus of 5.6 percent.

Group sales in the three months ended June 30 reached 11.62 billion euros. For the first half, company sales were 23.78 billion euros, up 6.5 percent on an adjusted like-for-like basis.

Nicolas Hieronimus, L’Oréal chief executive officer, shared highlights from the six-month period, headlined by the beauty market’s dynamism.

“We’ve seen it accelerate a bit between Q2 and Q1,” he said. “So we consider the market at the end of the first half is around 4.5 [percent], where it was at 4 before. It’s true in every region, maybe with the exception of Latin America, versus last year.

“In all regions it’s holding — midsingle-digit in America, in Europe,” Hieronimus continued. “It’s positive in North Asia. It’s very dynamic double-digit in SAPMENA. And we are clearly outperforming based on two things.”

One is the acceleration of innovation. “My other definition of AI is ‘accelerated innovation,’” Hieronimus said. “We’ve had like 250 basis points of innovations in this first half, which is two-and-a-half times more than last year. So this beauty stimulus plan that I had called upon is really happening, and the products we launched last year are doing great. The ones we’ve added in the first half — and that’s where we made a difference, whether [it’s] CeraVe sun care, Armani Power of You fragrance, the new hair care of Elseve — they’re all doing great.”

He explained innovation makes a major difference to both animate the market, but also to outperform the very buoyant beauty category. “So you have to be at the forefront of innovation,” Hieronimus said.

Number two is e-commerce domination. “We are growing at plus 18 percent in e-commerce, when the market is like somewhere around 9 or 10,” he said. “So almost twice the market and gaining share. This is due to our digital expertise, the way we work on influencers and how we manage to leverage the different platforms.”

Hieronimus said L’Oréal made lots of progress on TikTok and continues to thrive on Amazon.

In terms of P&L, the group has managed, despite the impact of tariffs, to slightly increase its gross margin by 10 basis points. “And a good control of our SG&A has allowed us to invest more in media behind these innovations,” Hieronimus said, adding that has accelerated the company’s growth.

L’Oréal is gaining in all divisions and all regions. “That’s something I’m excited about,” Hieronimus said.

He believes that such dynamism will continue in the second half for the beauty market and company, and remains “ambitious and confident that we can have a good momentum.”

When asked
[Source link]: http://wwd.com/beauty-industry-news/beauty-features/loreal-ceo-talks-strategy-q2-results-beat-expectations-1239086728/


===== Company info for companies mentioned in news =====

Company name: dhl
symbol: DHL.F
market_cap: None
pe: None
enterprise_value: None
ebitda: None
revenue: None
net_income: None
cap_bucket: None
as_of: 1785464599
name: dhl
------------------------------------------------------------------

Company name: l’oréal
name: l’oréal
symbol: None
note: no reliable listing found
------------------------------------------------------------------

Company name: reformation
name: reformation
symbol: None
note: no reliable listing found
------------------------------------------------------------------

Company name: vinted
name: vinted
symbol: None
note: no reliable listing found
------------------------------------------------------------------

================================================================================

