[TITLE]Carbon capture explained: how EU member states are funding and rolling out the technology to clean up Europe’s fossil fuel industry:
[TEXT]
Carbon capture and storage (CCS) underpins the European Union’s (EU) strategy to decarbonise industries such as cement, steel, and chemicals. It involves capturing carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) from industrial facilities, transporting it by pipeline or shipping and storing it permanently in geological formations. According to the European Commission this technology that captures emissions at their source to prevent them from escaping into the atmosphere is a crucial part of the carbon phaseout pathways for many EU countries.

It consists of three consecutive steps: (i) industrial emitters “capture” their carbon dioxide emissions by separating them from the rest of the flue gas; (ii) the CO 2 is then transported, generally by ship or pipeline, to a geological storage site; and (iii) the emissions are permanently stored underground.

Under the EU Net-Zero Industry Act, at least 50 million tonnes of annual CO 2 injection capacity must be in place by 2030. The European Commission estimates that the EU will need to store around 250 million tonnes of CO₂ each year by 2040.

Meeting these targets requires capture facilities, transport pipelines, and storage sites to be developed in unison. For pipeline investment, large upfront costs need to be incurred before future CO 2 volumes and revenues are certain. Yet industrial emitters hesitate to invest in carbon capture without reliable transport and storage, while pipeline operators need commitments from industrial facility users before construction can begin. Transport pipelines, shipping terminals, and storage sites may also be underused during the market’s early years. Delays in building any part of the chain can prevent the others from becoming operational.

These interdependencies explain why CCS is not only a financial challenge, but also a question of policy design: which costs should governments cover at different stages of market development? Who finances shared infrastructure and how are risks going to be allocated between public entities and CCS agents (capture plants, transport operators, and storage providers)?

What constitutes good carbon capture policymaking?

Effective policy design should identify and address the barriers holding projects back, and reward delivery, without making agents responsible for delays they cannot control. The appropriate balance will change as the sector matures and capture, transport and storage infrastructure becomes operational, project experience grows and delivery risks become more predictable: early support may be needed to reduce infrastructure and coordination risks, while later schemes can rely more heavily on incentives linked to performance. There is therefore no one-size-fits-all policy approach.

In practice, approaches vary across Europe, particularly among Nordic countries. France, Belgium, and Germany have focused more heavily on access, tariffs and regulatory rules, minimising public funding. By contrast, Norway, the Netherlands and Denmark rely more heavily on direct public involvement in flagship projects.

Norway covered 80% of Northern Lights’ investment costs as part of the Longship programme, which began permanently storing carbon dioxide in August 2025. In the Netherlands, state-owned companies are developing shared transport and storage infrastructure through projects including Porthos, now expected to begin operating in the second half of 2027. Denmark initially prequalified ten projects for its DKK 28.7 billion CCS Fund. But, in June 2026, support was awarded to only one: Aalborg Portland’s plan to capture and store up to 1.25 million tonnes of carbon dioxide annually from cement production.

Denmark illustrates that the suitability of these approaches should depend on the sector’s maturity. The Danish performance-based scheme linked support to verified volumes of stored CO 2 and imposed penalties for unmet targets.

This structure created clear incentives to meet Denmark’s emissions reduction target, but also left beneficiaries exposed to the risk that delays in capture, transport, or storage, including delays caused by other participants; could prevent them from delivering the contracted volumes. Eight out of ten projects withdrew before the second round, suggesting that the scheme placed too much risk on beneficiaries at this early stage of deployment.

The Danish experience does not reveal a common Nordic approach, however. Norway reduced coordination risk by supporting the whole Longship chain. Denmark itself used a comparable principle when developing offshore wind: production-based support was combined with grid connections built and financed by Energinet, rather than leaving individual wind farms to bear the shared infrastructure risk. These examples suggest that support linked to volume delivery can be effective, but during early deployment it should be accompanied by measures addressing shared infrastructure and coordination risks.

Our recent analysis of CO 2 transport governance suggests that governments can socialise part of the cost and utilisation risk of shared infrastructure through targeted subsidies, public risk-sharing or public and regulated infrastructure operators. The Danish case provides an additional lesson: penalties for under-delivery may need to be limited or adapted during early deployment, particularly when delays originate elsewhere in the value chain.

Support linked to verified volumes of stored CO 2 may become more appropriate as infrastructure develops and delivery risks become more predictable. Finally, public or regulated infrastructure operators could also improve coordination and provide greater certainty about infrastructure availability and access.

These policy choices will also determine which industries will be able to use CCS and at what cost.

In cement production, CCS can address emissions released by the chemical process used to make clinker (the most carbon-intensive component of cement manufacturing), which cannot be eliminated simply by switching to renewable energy.

Steel and chemical producers can also consider electrification, renewable hydrogen, recycling and changes in production processes. Industrial clusters can share CO 2 transport infrastructure more easily, while dispersed cement plants may face higher connection costs or longer delays. For construction companies and large publicly funded projects, CCS could affect the cost and availability of lower-carbon cement and steel.

Ultimately, achieving Europe’s CCS goals depends not just on the amount of public funding alone, but also on how governments allocate risks and responsibilities across the value chain, while remaining consistent with climate objectives.
[Source link]: https://theconversation.com/carbon-capture-explained-how-eu-member-states-are-funding-and-rolling-out-the-technology-to-clean-up-europes-fossil-fuel-industry-287712


No companies mentioned in this section

================================================================================

[TITLE]B2B Micro-Influencer Marketing: Why Software Companies Are Catching Up to Ecommerce:
[TEXT]
B2B micro-influencer marketing isn't a new idea, it's a borrowed one. Ecommerce brands figured out years ago that people trust people they already like far more than they trust an ad, and built entire growth strategies around partnering with small, engaged creators to say so publicly. Software companies are only now catching up, and the reason has nothing to do with follower count. It has everything to do with trust transfer. A micro-influencer with a modest, engaged audience can say they use a product and it works, and that single sentence often carries more weight with a buyer than an entire paid campaign, because it's coming from someone the audience already believes.

Why Trust Transfer Beats Reach

The entire logic of B2B micro-influencer marketing rests on one idea: you're not renting an audience's attention, you're borrowing an audience's trust. A creator with a modest following who has spent years being honest with their audience has built something an ad simply cannot buy: credibility. When that creator recommends your product, some of that credibility transfers to you.

This is why follower count is often the wrong metric to optimize for. A creator with a smaller but highly engaged, commercially-minded audience, think coaches, sales-focused creators, or niche operators, will often outperform a much larger account with a passive, disengaged following. The goal isn't maximum reach. It's finding the right small audiences who already trust the person recommending you.

Building an Army Instead of a Single Partnership

The smartest version of B2B micro-influencer marketing isn't one big-name partnership, it's building a small army of creators who genuinely like your product and are willing to say so. This spreads your risk across many smaller relationships instead of betting everything on one influencer's audience being the right fit, and it compounds over time as more creators talk about your product across more corners of the internet.

Structuring these partnerships well means combining a flat fee with a commission on signups, so creators are motivated by more than a one-time payment. It also means being selective: look for creators whose audience shows real commercial intent, not just engagement for engagement's sake. A creator whose followers are already asking questions about tools and solutions in your category is a much better fit than a much larger account whose audience is there purely for entertainment.

Where to Start Sourcing Creators

You likely don't need to buy access to an expensive influencer database to get started. Platforms you're already running ads on, like Meta, have built-in creator marketplaces that surface real engagement and reach data on thousands of potential partners, often for free. This is a fast, low-cost way to build your first shortlist before you invest in a dedicated affiliate or partnership platform.

Start small: reach out to five or ten creators whose audience overlaps with your buyer, offer a straightforward flat fee plus commission structure, and see what signups look like before scaling the program. B2B micro-influencer marketing rewards patience and volume over one big swing.

The Mistake Most Teams Make

The most common mistake is chasing one large influencer partnership instead of building a broader base of smaller creators. A single big-name deal concentrates all your risk in one relationship and one audience. If it underperforms, you have nothing to fall back on. Building a wider bench of smaller, trusted voices is slower to start but far more resilient, and it mirrors exactly how ecommerce brands scaled this strategy in the first place.

Start Here

Pull up the ad platform you're already running campaigns on and check whether it has a built-in creator marketplace. Shortlist five to ten creators whose audience looks like your actual buyer, not just people with the biggest following. B2B micro-influencer marketing works best when you treat it as a volume game, not a single bet. Which creator would your buyers actually trust?
[Source link]: https://www.kalungi.com/blog/b2b-micro-influencer-marketing


[TITLE]Marketing budgets are flat at 7.7% of revenue, but AI-mature companies are spending 11%:
[TEXT]
Marketing budgets remain consistent at 7.7% of revenue, according to Gartner's survey. However, companies with advanced AI integration are allocating 11% of their revenue to marketing. This indicates a correlation between AI maturity and increased marketing investment.

This story was produced through MarketScale. See how Marketing Tech teams put it to work with AI Writing.

Marketing budgets have essentially flatlined as a share of company revenue, but a clear winner class is separating from the pack. Organizations that Gartner calls "AI strategists", those with fully optimized internal AI processes, are allocating an average of 11% of total revenue to marketing, compared with 7.8% across all respondents in the firm's 2026 CMO Spend Survey, which polled 401 senior marketing leaders. That 3.2-percentage-point gap may look small, but on a $500 million revenue base it is the difference between a $39 million and a $55 million annual budget.

The broader headline from Gartner, reported by Chief Marketer, is that overall marketing budgets are holding near 7.7% of revenue, essentially unchanged from the prior year. A parallel data set from the CMO Survey, run jointly by Deloitte, Duke University, and the American Marketing Association, puts the figure higher at 9.4% of revenue, up from 7.7% in 2024. As Boomcycle notes in its July 2026 analysis of the two surveys, the divergence reflects methodology more than market reality: Gartner draws heavily from companies with more than $1 billion in revenue, while the CMO Survey includes a broader mix of company sizes, and smaller organizations consistently spend a higher share of revenue on marketing.

The AI maturity divide is reshaping budget baselines

Gartner segments respondents by how far along they are in deploying AI within their marketing organizations. Only 9% of CMOs rated their processes as fully optimized for AI; another 21% considered themselves mature. Together, Gartner calls this group AI strategists. The remaining 70% described their organizations as developing, early-stage, or not yet started.

The budget gap between those two camps is striking. AI strategists allocate a mean 21.3% of their marketing budgets to AI initiatives specifically, against a 15.3% mean across all respondents, according to Chief Marketer's reporting on the survey. They also direct a mean 34.2% of their budgets toward innovation-oriented spending, compared with 27.2% for all respondents. The implication for procurement and operations leaders is concrete: companies already ahead on AI are reinvesting the efficiency gains into more marketing capacity, not pocketing them.

Companies already ahead on AI are reinvesting the efficiency gains into more marketing capacity, not pocketing them.

Labor costs are moving with the AI trend in a somewhat counterintuitive direction. The mean share of marketing budgets going to labor rose from 21.9% to 24.5% year over year, according to Gartner, as organizations scramble to hire or develop AI-capable talent. A lack of internal AI skills was the single most frequently cited barrier to marketing efficiency, named as the top obstacle by 19% of CMOs and ranked in the top three by 38%, per Chief Marketer. Lack of integrated marketing data came second, cited as the primary barrier by 13%.

Martech spend hits a five-year low despite broader investment intent

One of the more counterintuitive findings in this year's Gartner data: martech's share of the overall marketing budget has dropped to 19.4%, its lowest point in five years and down sharply from 26.6% in 2021, even as 62% of CMOs say they plan to increase martech investment. Chief Marketer reports that a significant driver is the shift toward consumption-based, or usage-based, pricing models. In the past year, 56% of respondents increased the share of their martech budget allocated to this pricing model, while only 9% reduced it.

Martech as % of total marketing budget, 2021–2026 Gartner CMO Spend Survey, via Chief Marketer · © MarketScale Download chart

The appeal of consumption-based martech is straightforward: organizations stop paying for licenses they rarely use. But Gartner cautions that the model carries its own financial risks. Unexpected usage spikes, unforeseen demand trends, and inadequate internal oversight can push actual costs well above initial projections. Half of all organizations that have adopted consumption-based solutions are in continuous contract renegotiation to avoid overages, according to Chief Marketer's account of the findings. Gartner recommends building real-time oversight controls into existing processes; 41% of organizations say they have already done so or are in the process.

A secondary factor suppressing the martech percentage: many organizations have already made their headline AI tool purchases and are now in an optimization phase rather than an acquisition one. That maturation dynamic helps explain why the dollar commitment to AI within marketing is rising even as martech's overall budget share falls.

Industry and company size benchmarks still vary enormously

Both the Gartner and CMO Survey averages obscure variation that is directly relevant to anyone setting a budget target. According to Boomcycle's synthesis of available research, consumer packaged goods companies spend roughly 18% of revenue on marketing, while energy companies spend around 3%. Technology and software companies land between 11% and 15%. B2C companies on average spend 13.9% of revenues on marketing; B2B companies average 9.3%. Within B2B, Forrester has pegged the benchmark at 8% of annual revenue for U.S. companies, with European counterparts reporting 9%.

Marketing spend as % of revenue by industry Gartner CMO Spend Survey / Deloitte Duke CMO Survey / etropo, via Boomcycle · © MarketScale Download chart

Company size complicates the picture further. The CMO Survey data shows a negative correlation between total revenues and marketing spend as a percentage of revenue: larger companies consistently spend a lower share. The U.S. Small Business Administration recommends that businesses under $5 million in revenue allocate 7-8% to marketing, assuming gross margins of 10-12%, per Boomcycle's analysis. A company running on thinner margins cannot carry that level of investment without eroding operating income.

Gartner's own survey underlines how averages mislead even at the enterprise level: while the mean marketing budget sits near 7.7% of revenue, half of the CMOs surveyed are working with budgets of 6% or less, meaning the distribution is skewed by a relatively small group of heavy spenders. For operations and finance leaders reviewing marketing budget proposals this planning cycle, the more actionable question is not what the average company spends, but what the top-performing companies in their specific vertical and revenue tier are allocating, and what AI maturity level corresponds to that spending.
[Source link]: https://www.marketscale.com/industries/marketing-tech/marketing-budgets-are-flat-at-77-of-revenue-but-ai-mature-companies-are-spending-11


[TITLE]Huawei, NCCE partner to expand AI, digital education in Nigeria:
[TEXT]
From Left to Right: DMD of Huawei Nigeria, Mr. Jim Zhang; Executive Secretary of NCCE, Mrs. Angela Ajala; Director of ICT Marketing and Solution, Huawei Nigeria, Mr. Yongqiang Tian; and Director ICT, NCCE, Dr. Pius Omosehwofa. Credit: Huawei

Huawei Technologies Nigeria Limited and the National Commission for Colleges of Education have signed a Memorandum of Understanding to expand artificial intelligence initiatives and accelerate digital education across Nigeria.

The agreement was signed on Thursday at the third Huawei Education Summit 2026 in Abuja.

The one-day summit, according to a statement made available to PUNCH Online on Friday, brought together education regulators, university administrators, state government officials and technology experts to discuss strategies for preparing Nigerian graduates and institutions for an increasingly digital and AI-driven global economy.

Speaking at the event, Deputy Managing Director of Huawei Technologies Nigeria, Jim Zhang, said emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence, cloud computing, cybersecurity and smart learning had transformed industries, making it imperative for educational institutions to adapt.

“Universities and colleges must equip students with practical digital skills and innovative mindsets so they can compete globally,” Zhang said.

The Executive Secretary of the National Commission for Colleges of Education, Dr Angela Ajala, described Huawei as a dependable partner, noting that thousands of lecturers and students had obtained internationally recognised ICT certifications through the Huawei ICT Academy Programme.

She said the renewed partnership would establish a Digital Academy at the commission to provide continuous training for lecturers, students and other education stakeholders.

“Our job is to ensure that no Nigerian child’s future depends on whether their teacher happens to have encountered technology,” Ajala said.

She disclosed that the commission had reviewed its curriculum to introduce specialised programmes in Artificial Intelligence and Robotics Education, Networking and Cybersecurity Education, Data Science and Analytics Education, as well as Software and Web Development.

The summit also featured discussions on digital infrastructure, smart campuses and ICT funding.

Director of Information and Communication Technology at the Tertiary Education Trust Fund, Mr. Joseph Odo, stated that “TETFUND now regards ICT as a strategic priority rather than a support function and has increased funding to ₦150 million for universities and ₦100 million for polytechnics and colleges of education.”

“The resources are intended to equip institutions with tools for modern teaching, learning and research, with continued emphasis on digital systems, specialised centres, capacity building and public-private collaboration,” the statement read.

The event ended with awards presented to students and institutions that represented Nigeria at the 2025–2026 Huawei ICT Competition in Shenzhen, China.

Beneficiaries included students from Ahmadu Bello University, Igbinedion University Okada, the University of Lagos, the University of Port Harcourt, Nasarawa State University and the Federal University of Technology, Minna.
[Source link]: https://punchng.com/huawei-ncce-partner-to-expand-ai-digital-education-in-nigeria/


[TITLE]Silicon Valley loves young founders. Until it doesn’t.:
[TEXT]
For Arlan Rakhmetzhanov, 19, there is no middle ground. Either he builds a company as valuable as Google, he says, or he fails and ends up on the streets. He started coding at 15 in his native Kazakhstan, completed a couple of summer programs in San Francisco, and cold-DM’ed every Y Combinator founder he could find on LinkedIn until one gave him an angel check for his first company at age 17.

That company, now the YC-backed Nozomio, is an API index for AI agents — a tool that helps AI agents find and use software services — and has raised more than $6 million in funding to date. “I either win or lose, and a lot of young founders have the same mindset,” he told TechCrunch. “They just want to win.”

Young founders like Rakhmetzhanov are building under a new set of pressures. Investors are throwing more capital at them, yet the expectation to hit that “north star” milestone — the one big number investors are chasing — hasn’t relaxed, and every misstep along the way is now publicly dissected on social media.

While Silicon Valley VCs have always famously loved backing young college dropout founders, they preferred to see them paired with technical founders, or at least to have some experience — ideally with a FAANG company (Meta, Amazon, Apple, Netflix, and Google) — on their résumés. In many ways, that is still very true. But AI tools have democratized the opportunity to build, shortening the timelines of success and enabling more young people to start successful companies without stepping foot inside a Big Tech company.

Pranjali Awasthi, 19, is an example of that. She dropped out of high school to launch an AI startup, then attended Georgia Tech before dropping out of that, too, to launch Slashy, a YC-backed startup that bills itself as the “Cursor for emails” and helps consumers manage their email inboxes. After more than a year running that company, she recently announced she’s now building yet a new startup currently in stealth.

When she was younger, around 14 or 15, she recalled, investors whom she would pitch often asked why she was looking to build a company. “It’s gotten more normal now,” she said, “post-18.”

It seems more than ever, investors look to founders like Awasthi, whose experiences can be traced through “GitHub activity, open-source contributions, communities they’ve already built, and familiarity with all the latest tools in AI,” Ashley Smith, a general partner at the early-stage firm Vermilion, told TechCrunch. “A lot of young developers learn how to build software through contributing to open-source projects or toying around with the latest AI tooling,” she explained. “They have more time to do that while in college or younger than someone with a full-time job and a mortgage.”

Smith said a “meaningful” share of her portfolio consists of companies founded by those under 30, with a handful even younger than 21, she said, adding that she’s “clearly not skeptical of youth.”

“What they lack in experience, they make up for in excitement to experiment and lack of fear,” she continued.

But she admits the market has become more merciless. “It doesn’t give you room to learn slowly anymore,” she said. There are more funding opportunities than ever, regardless of age — accelerators, incubators, pre-seed funds. But that money comes with strings attached: Founders like Rakhmetzhanov and Awasthi, flush with millions in cash, are expected to deliver growth in months, not years.

“The forgiveness that used to exist at an early stage and the assumption you’d iterate your way to product-market fit doesn’t exist right now,” Smith continued. “Everyone is looking for the next Cursor, even though that growth trajectory is an outlier, not the norm.”

For many founders — especially those building in public — the relentless strain to succeed can lead to murky ethical territory, or even predatory deal terms, since younger founders are often too new to the game to know what’s standard, yet ambitious enough to chase growth at all costs. To keep up, revenue numbers start to look inflated, while content creation for social media starts to crowd out writing good code. The excessive posturing is perhaps inevitable, since getting attention is now harder than ever in a crowded AI market.

It’s all
[Source link]: https://techcrunch.com/2026/07/31/build-in-public-fail-in-public-what-its-like-to-be-a-founder-under-20-right-now/


===== Company info for companies mentioned in news =====

Company name: ai
symbol: AI
market_cap: None
pe: None
enterprise_value: None
ebitda: None
revenue: None
net_income: None
cap_bucket: None
as_of: 1785636758
name: ai
------------------------------------------------------------------

Company name: huawei
symbol: 180605.SZ
market_cap: None
pe: None
enterprise_value: None
ebitda: None
revenue: None
net_income: None
cap_bucket: None
as_of: 1785636759
name: huawei
------------------------------------------------------------------

Company name: software
symbol: TTWO
market_cap: None
pe: None
enterprise_value: None
ebitda: None
revenue: None
net_income: None
cap_bucket: None
as_of: 1785636759
name: software
------------------------------------------------------------------

Company name: techcrunch
name: techcrunch
symbol: None
note: no reliable listing found
------------------------------------------------------------------

================================================================================

[TITLE]AI's Trillion-Dollar Infrastructure Buildout is Fueling the Next Wave of Data Center Investment Opportunities:
[TEXT]
Massive spending on AI, cloud computing, and hyperscale infrastructure is creating powerful long-term growth opportunities across the digital infrastructure sector

NEW YORK, July 29, 2026 /PRNewswire/ -- Market News Updates News Commentary - The race to build the next generation of AI infrastructure is turning into one of the biggest investment stories in tech. Behind every ChatGPT prompt, cloud app, streaming service, online payment, and AI business tool sits a sprawling network of data centers. As demand for artificial intelligence keeps climbing, the companies that build, own, and equip these facilities are moving to the center of a multi-trillion-dollar growth story. JLL projects global data-center capacity could roughly double—from
[Source link]: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ais-trillion-dollar-infrastructure-buildout-is-fueling-the-next-wave-of-data-center-investment-opportunities-302837080.html


[TITLE]Nvidia partner ChipAgents raises $60M for agentic chip design:
[TEXT]
ChipAgents, a startup building AI agents that design and test semiconductors, has raised $60 million. The company, a partner of Nvidia, is betting that the same agentic AI reshaping software can be turned on the painstaking business of making chips.

The raise adds to an already busy year. ChipAgents closed a $21 million Series A last October and a $50 million round in February, so the latest cheque takes its total funding to roughly $134 million in under a year, a pace that tracks the wider rush into AI-native chip-design tools.

“We’re enabling the industry to move beyond AI assistants toward autonomous agents that can execute meaningful engineering work,” said William Wang, CEO and Founder, ChipAgents.

The company’s product sits in a corner of the industry known as EDA. Electronic design automation is the software engineers use to lay out and verify chips, a market long dominated by a handful of incumbents, and the one ChipAgents wants to rebuild around autonomous agents rather than human-driven tools.

Verification is the bottleneck it is aiming at. Checking that a chip actually does what it is supposed to can eat more than 70% of a design project’s time, and ChipAgents says its agents can read a specification, write the tests, run them, and iterate without an engineer holding their hand at each step.

The claims are bold, as they tend to be. The company says its agents comprehend specifications many times faster than people and generate formal checks almost instantly, and that the platform is already in production at several chipmakers, though those figures come from the company rather than any independent audit.

Its founder frames it as a change of model. William Wang, ChipAgents’ chief executive, describes agents that “read specifications, break down objectives, discuss and implement solutions, validate results and iterate relentlessly,” a pitch for software that does the job rather than assists the person doing it.

The company is the product of Alpha Design AI, based in San Jose with research roots near Santa Barbara. Wang, an academic turned founder, has leaned on that pedigree to recruit both talent and early customers.

The investor base has been heavy on strategics. Earlier rounds drew in Bessemer Venture Partners alongside chip-world names including Micron, MediaTek, and Ericsson, the kind of backers whose interest doubles as a signal that the technology is being taken seriously inside the industry.

The Nvidia label is the eye-catching part. Reuters cast ChipAgents as an Nvidia partner, a useful association in a market where Nvidia’s chips and software sit at the centre of the AI boom, even if the exact terms of the relationship were not spelled out.

It is not alone in the idea. A wave of startups is pitching AI at different layers of the silicon stack, from Oxmiq’s chip architecture to Kandou’s interconnects, and agentic design tools are the newest front in that competition.

The logic is almost recursive. AI needs ever more chips, chips are slow and costly to design, and so the industry is reaching for AI to design the chips that will run more AI, a loop that investors have found hard to resist.

The incumbents are not standing still, which is the risk. The established EDA vendors have their own AI features and deep ties to every major chipmaker, and a startup promising to replace their tools has to prove its agents are reliable enough to trust with silicon that costs millions to fabricate.

That trust is the real product. For all the talk of speed, what ChipAgents has to sell is the confidence that an agent’s verification can be believed, and $60 million more is the market’s wager that it can get there.

The broader bet, shared across a field of AI-agent startups, is that agents will soon do skilled technical work, not merely talk about it.
[Source link]: https://thenextweb.com/news/nvidia-partner-chipagents-raises-60m-for-agentic-chip-design/


[TITLE]South Korea Stock Market Woes Spark A Crypto Trading Spike:
[TEXT]
South Korean crypto exchanges saw a fresh spike in trading activity as the country’s stock market had several days of significant downside.

Cryptocurrency trading volumes spiked in South Korea as its stock market fell by nearly 18% this week.

Key points:

South Korean exchanges see a 600% uptick in crypto trading volume around the snap declines in the KOSPI.

Investors may be seeking to capitalize on volatility by buying stock-linked products overseas, per analysis.

Bitwise highlights Bitcoin’s surprising resilience to macro headwinds throughout July.

KRW/USDT volumes spike in response to stock sell-off

Data from largest South Korean exchange Upbit shows trading volume accelerating between the Korean won and Tether (USDT). It neared 200 billion won (140 million USDT) on Wednesday, up from just 20 million USDT on Saturday — an increase of 600%.

Korean won crypto trading-volume data. Source: Upbit

On the back of several straight days of downside on South Korea’s KOSPI, which came as a result of a sell-off in chip-maker stocks, investors variously sought protection and to take advantage of the decline. Capital could have flowed out of stocks to crypto, analysis referenced by local media outlet Seoul Economic Daily suggested, while investors could also have targeted derivatives of Korean equities via overseas crypto exchanges.

“There is a possibility that demand increased for moving funds to overseas exchanges or personal wallets to trade perpetual stock futures,” Cho Yoon-sung, a senior researcher at independent digital asset research and data provider Tiger Research, told the publication.

As Cointelegraph reported, an influx into semiconductors and away from crypto earlier this year is now under scrutiny as the tide turns on the AI trade’s rapid rise.

Crypto trading remains a hive of activity in South Korea, as younger traders in particular display a fondness for risk. Traders’ fondness for leveraged bets is an overarching feature of both crypto markets and this year’s AI retail boom.

Analyst underscores BTC price strength

The impact of KOSPI volatility on crypto trading volumes was in evidence before this week’s rout. On July 14, Upbit saw a conspicuous volume surge after the index plunged 10% in a single day.

Related: Bitcoin price wedged into ‘most divided’ FOMC as Iran war spikes oil prices 8%

Commenting on the latest events, Andre Dragosch, European head of research at crypto asset manager Bitwise, underscored the lack of contagion resulting from the semiconductor “meltdown.”

“Bitcoin is essentially flat since semis peaked in late June,” he summarized, suggesting that Bitcoin’s resilience was unexpected.

In an analysis released earlier this week, Bitwise attributed “remarkable outperformance” to Bitcoin in comparison to a range of US mega-cap stocks.

“Bitcoin continues to demonstrate remarkable outperformance and resilience vis-à-vis US mega cap stocks such as the Magnificent 7 and SpaceX (SPCX) - a relative strength that is all the more notable in the context of tightening financial conditions and consistent with our view of Bitcoin as the ‘canary in the macro coal mine,’” it stated.

Bitwise argued that Bitcoin may already be giving early indications of future monetary-policy easing by central banks despite rising inflation and the short-term potential for interest-rate hikes as a result.

BTC/USD vs. SpaceX and Magnificent 7 stocks. Source: Bitwise
[Source link]: https://cointelegraph.com/markets/south-korean-crypto-trading-surges-amid-stock-market-plunge


[TITLE]Fast-fashion retailer Shein’s 3-year IPO odyssey may have cost it the ‘golden time’ to go public:
[TEXT]
Sunglasses are displayed at the reception of the fast-fashion brand Shein's office in Sao Paulo, Brazil, Dec. 15, 2025. Jorge Silva | Reuters

Shein won Beijing's approval for a Hong Kong listing after it publicly embraced the Chinese roots it spent years playing down. Now investors are questioning whether that blessing can carry a $40-billion-plus valuation for a company whose growth engine has stalled. The China Securities Regulatory Commission approved the listing early this month, after Shein's attempts at going public in New York and London failed. The company's filing on Sunday gave investors a closer look at the pressure facing the online fast-fashion retailer — higher costs, slowing growth, and mounting regulatory scrutiny in its biggest markets. Shein's revenue grew 8% to $41.8 billion in 2025, decelerating from 20.7% growth a year earlier. In the first quarter of 2026, the company swung to a $99 million loss after the U.S. removed an import-duty exemption on small packages and the company booked a hefty one-time accounting charge. "The company has missed the golden time to list," said William Ma, chief investment officer at GROW Investment Group. Investors and consumers were no longer excited by the ultra-fast fashion retailer as they once did, said Shaun Rein, managing director at China Market Research Group: "By waiting, they missed the golden windows of opportunity."

Shein, known for selling $5 dresses and $10 jeans with a presence in
[Source link]: https://www.cnbc.com/2026/07/31/shein-ipo-hong-kong-ftc-investigation-tariffs-fast-fashion-.html


===== Company info for companies mentioned in news =====

Company name: chipagents
name: chipagents
symbol: None
note: no reliable listing found
------------------------------------------------------------------

Company name: nvidia
symbol: NVDA
market_cap: None
pe: None
enterprise_value: None
ebitda: None
revenue: None
net_income: None
cap_bucket: None
as_of: 1785636763
name: nvidia
------------------------------------------------------------------

Company name: shein
name: shein
symbol: None
note: no reliable listing found
------------------------------------------------------------------

Company name: south korean crypto exchanges
name: south korean crypto exchanges
symbol: None
error: 422 Client Error: Unprocessable Entity for url: https://finnhub.io/api/v1/search?q=south+korean+crypto+exchanges&token=d36pnjpr01qtvbtinv3gd36pnjpr01qtvbtinv40
------------------------------------------------------------------

================================================================================

[Failed to load article at https://www.forbes.com/sites/ronschmelzer/2026/07/31/ai-trade-war-robots-china/]


[TITLE]TELUS reports second quarter 2026 financial and operational results and resets quarterly dividend to support deleveraging and fuel long-term growth:
[TEXT]
Dividend reset realigned with capital priorities with clear path to 3.0-times or lower leverage by year-end 2028

Dividend reinvestment plan discount to be removed effective October 1, 2026, reducing shareholder dilution

VANCOUVER, BC, July 31, 2026 /CNW/ -- TELUS Corporation (TSX: T) (NYSE: TU) today released its unaudited results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2026. Concurrent with its quarterly results, TELUS is announcing three near-term strategic priorities, a reset of its quarterly dividend, planned removal of the dividend reinvestment plan (DRIP) discount and revised full-year financial guidance that reflects the company's financial priorities and its commitment to long-term value creation and balance sheet strength. An overview of TELUS' second quarter 2026 results is discussed below.

Highlights

Introduced three near-term strategic financial and operational priorities to guide TELUS' performance and capital allocation going forward including: Strengthen the financial foundation; Hone operational discipline and reinvest in the core business; and Deploy resources to drive profitable, sustainable growth and returns. See " Strategic Financial and Operational Priorities" below for further details.

below for further details. Delivered mobile phone and internet net additions of 17,000 and 20,000, respectively, reflect a disciplined strategy prioritizing value-accretive customer growth; connected device net additions of 187,000.

Mobile network revenue of $1.7 billion is up 1 per cent year-over-year, supported by subscriber base growth and ARPU of $56.36, declining at a decelerating rate of 0.4 per cent through a focus on premium brand customer loading. Achieved blended mobile phone churn of 1.08 per cent, up from 1.06 per cent in the same period last year.

Net loss of $1.8 billion due to a pre-tax, non-cash intangible asset and goodwill impairment of $2.1 billion in the second quarter, reflecting a reduction in the recoverable amount of the TELUS Digital cash-generating unit. See " Second Quarter Financial Results Overview" below for further details.

below for further details. Consolidated service revenue of $4.4 billion declined 1 per cent reflecting lower TELUS Digital growth, partially offset by continued mobile network revenue growth and higher TELUS Health revenues. Adjusted EBITDA of $1.8 billion declined 2 per cent, which reflects varied results across our reportable segments and lower real estate gains. See " Second Quarter Financial Results Overview" below for further details.

below for further details. Capital expenditures of $678 million were recorded in the second quarter; full-year capital expenditures have been updated to approximately $2.6 billion, reflecting inflation and supply chain dynamics impacting customer premises equipment, strategic investment directed towards our sovereign AI data centres, including network infrastructure upgrades and site enablement, and additional investments directed towards customer base management; TELUS remains committed to its 10 per cent capital intensity target.

Cash provided by operating activities of $1.3 billion increased 15 per cent and free cash flow of $545 million is higher by 2 per cent, driven by decreased net income taxes paid and lower lease payments, partially offset by increased interest paid and lower Adjusted EBITDA.

TELUS' Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.1875 per common share, representing a reset of 55 per cent to an annualized amount of $0.75 per share, which is expected to generate approximately $2.7 billion in cumulative cash savings through 2028 directed toward debt reduction; the DRIP discount will be removed effective October 1, 2026.

Net debt to Adjusted EBITDA of 3.5-times at quarter-end; TELUS is targeting approximately 3.0-times or lower by year-end 2028, supported by organic free cash flow growth, the dividend reset, disciplined capital expenditures and proceeds from asset monetization processes currently underway.

Full-year consolidated service revenue guidance revised to a range of flat to negative 2 per cent; consolidated Adjusted EBITDA is now expected to be in a range of negative 2 to negative 4 per cent; and full-year free cash flow is anticipated to be approximately $1.8 billion. See "2026 Financial Outlook" below for further details.

"TELUS is built on a foundation of genuine strength – leading networks, sustained customer loyalty and growing expertise in health and AI-enabling capabilities that are increasingly central to how Canadians live and work. The macro environment has shifted and we are responding with clarity and discipline. Today we are announcing three strategic priorities that will strengthen our financial foundation, sharpen our operational focus and concentrate our resources on the opportunities where TELUS is best positioned to win – all in service of delivering long-term, profitable and sustainable growth," said Victor Dodig, President and Chief Executive Officer.

"I am proud to be working alongside our experienced and capable leadership team and our 100,000 passionate and professional team members across TELUS to execute on these strategic priorities, delivering improved experiences for our customers and opening opportunities for our people, and creating value for our shareholders. Our focus is on disciplined execution and ensuring maximum returns on every dollar of capital we deploy. Everything I have seen since stepping into this role has only deepened my conviction – in this team and the admirable culture they have built, as well as the bright future ahead for TELUS," said Mr. Dodig.

"The actions we are taking establish the financial conditions for strong, profitable growth and durable, compounding free cash flow growth," said Gopi Chande, Chief Financial Officer. "In combination, the dividend reset, termination of the DRIP discount and proceeds from our monetization initiatives provide a path to achieve our leverage and free cash flow objectives. Our commitment to reducing capital intensity, combined with a disciplined focus on operational efficiency across the business, reinforce that path further. The strategic changes we are making to how this company generates and deploys cash will compound to create lasting value for our shareholders."

Strategic Financial and Operational Priorities

With the TELUS PureFibre® network build approaching completion and capital intensity expected to decline over the multi-year horizon, TELUS has identified three near-term financial and operational priorities to guide its performance and capital allocation going forward. These are:

Strengthen the financial foundation. TELUS is prioritizing balance sheet flexibility and a sustainable capital returns framework. This includes reducing net debt to Adjusted EBITDA to approximately 3.0-times or lower by year-end 2028, supported by the dividend reset, disciplined capital expenditures and proceeds from asset monetization processes currently underway.

TELUS is prioritizing balance sheet flexibility and a sustainable capital returns framework. This includes reducing net debt to Adjusted EBITDA to approximately 3.0-times or lower by year-end 2028, supported by the dividend reset, disciplined capital expenditures and proceeds from asset monetization processes currently underway. Hone operational discipline and reinvest in the core. TELUS will intensify its focus on deploying invested capital where returns exceed the cost of capital. This includes a cost transformation program designed to embrace technology, eliminate redundancy and sharpen the company's focus on customer service excellence and its core competitive strengths.

TELUS will intensify its focus on deploying invested capital where returns exceed the cost of capital. This includes a cost transformation program designed to embrace technology, eliminate redundancy and sharpen the company's focus on customer service excellence and its core competitive strengths. Deploy resources to drive profitable, sustainable growth and returns. TELUS will concentrate investment where it has the strongest competitive position and clearest path to returns – including its wireless and TELUS PureFibre networks, and the digital and AI infrastructure that supports Canada's technological independence and economic prosperity.

A more detailed outline of the capital returns framework and corporate strategy will be provided with TELUS' third quarter 2026 results in November.

Dividend Reset and Financial Policies

The TELUS Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.1875 per share on the issued and outstanding Common Shares of the company payable on October 1, 2026, to holders of record at the close of business on September 10, 2026, representing a reset of 55 per cent to an annualized amount of $0.75 per share. The prior annualized amount was $1.6736 per share. The revised dividend is expected to generate approximately $2.7 billion in cumulative cash savings through 2028, directed toward deleveraging.

TELUS also updated its free cash flow dividend payout ratio to a range of 45 to 60 per cent of trailing 12-month free cash flow, from a prior range of 60 to 75 per cent of free cash flow on a prospective basis.

As part of resetting the dividend, TELUS has also terminated the DRIP discount, effective October 1, 2026. Shareholders currently enrolled do not need to take any action if they continue to participate in the DRIP; dividends will continue to be reinvested automatically under the revised terms.

The company had previously targeted net debt to Adjusted EBITDA of approximately 3.0-times or lower by year-end 2027. The revised timeline to year-end 2028 reflects the impact of competitive pricing pressure and reduced subscriber demand amid lower population growth on organic free cash flow generation. The 3.0-times or lower target itself is unchanged. TELUS expects leverage to decline sequentially in 2027 and 2028, supported by organic free cash flow growth, declining capital intensity, the dividend reset and proceeds from the strategic portfolio review processes currently underway.

Strategic Portfolio Review

TELUS is conducting a comprehensive review of its asset portfolio to optimize capital allocation, with proceeds from these processes directed toward debt reduction. As part of this effort, the company remains active in the market on TELUS Health‑related non‑core assets and is in discussions with interested parties. Similarly, the company is also advancing the monetization of non-core real estate assets. These initiatives are expected to drive further deleveraging and support the company's long-term financial objectives. Additional details will be shared as notable developments arise.

Second Quarter Financial Results Overview

Consolidated operating revenues and other income were $4.9 billion, compared with $5.1 billion in the prior year, reflecting a consolidated service revenue decline of 1 per cent, as well as lower mobile equipment revenue and Other income. A decline in consolidated service revenue was largely as a result of: (i) lower external revenues in TELUS Digital; (ii) mobile phone ARPU declining at a decelerating rate; and (iii) declines in fixed legacy voice revenue. These factors were partially offset by: (i) mobile subscriber base growth; (ii) higher TELUS Health service revenues; (iii) increased fixed data services revenue; and (iv) greater agriculture and consumer goods services revenues. See 'Second quarter 2026 Operating Highlights' within this news release for a discussion on TELUS' reportable segment results for TTech, TELUS Health and TELUS Digital.

In the quarter, TELUS recognized a non-cash impairment of $2.1 billion relating to TELUS Digital, as the recoverable amount of the TELUS Digital cash-generating unit was less than its carrying amount as at June 30, 2026. See Note 18(b) of the interim consolidated financial statements for additional details. TELUS recognized a net loss of $1.8 billion and a basic loss per share of $1.17, reflecting the after-tax impacts of a decline in Operating income and greater Financing costs. When excluding certain costs and other adjustments (see 'Reconciliation of adjusted Net income' in this news release), compared to the same period last year, adjusted Net income of $254 million decreased by 26 per cent, while adjusted basic EPS of $0.16 was down 27 per cent. Adjusted Net income is a non-GAAP financial measure and adjusted basic EPS is a non-GAAP ratio. For further explanation of these measures, see 'Non-GAAP and other specified financial measures' in this news release.

Compared to the same period last year, consolidated EBITDA decreased by 5 per cent to $1.6 billion. Adjusted EBITDA declined by 2 per cent to $1.8 billion reflecting varied results across our reportable segments. See 'Second quarter 2026 Operating Highlights' within this news release for a discussion on segmented Adjusted EBITDA results.

Our TTech subscriber base of 17.9 million connections increased by 6 per cent over the past 12 months, reflecting a 1 per cent growth in our mobile phones subscriber base to 10.3 million, a 20 per cent increase in our connected devices subscriber base to 4.8 million, and a 3 per cent growth in our internet subscriber base to 2.8 million.

In TELUS Health, healthcare lives covered were 158.9 million as of the end of the second quarter of 2026, an increase of 1.8 million net of churn over the past 12 months, mainly reflecting growth in our family assistance programs across all operating regions, in addition to ongoing demand for virtual solutions.

Cash provided by operating activities of $1.3 billion increased by 15 per cent in the second quarter of 2026, primarily driven by other working capital changes, a decrease in income taxes paid, and lower restructuring and other costs disbursements. These factors were partially offset by an increase in interest paid and lower EBITDA. Free cash flow of $545 million increased by 2 per cent compared to the same period a year ago, largely driven by decreased net income taxes paid and lower lease payments, partially offset by increased interest paid and reduced EBITDA.

Consolidated capital expenditures of $678 million were flat in the second quarter of 2026. Capital expenditures in support of TTech operations of $614 million increased by $44 million, primarily from greater capital investments in developing new facilities to meet growing industry demand. TELUS Health capital expenditures of $44 million decreased by $15 million, largely driven by decreased investments in clinic expansions and business acquisitions. TELUS Digital capital expenditures of $34 million decreased by $9 million, mainly driven by prior year software license investment and decreased site expansions in Europe.

As at June 30, 2026, our 5G network covered approximately 34.2 million Canadians, representing over 92 per cent of the population.

Consolidated Financial Highlights

C$ millions, except footnotes and unless noted otherwise Three months ended

June 30 Per cent (unaudited) 2026 2025 change Operating revenues (arising from contracts with customers) 4,920 5,031 (2) Operating revenues and other income 4,929 5,082 (3) Total operating expenses 6,501 4,907 32 Net income (loss) (1,830) (245) n/m Net income (loss) attributable to common shares (1,840) 7 n/m Adjusted Net income(1) 254 342 (26) Basic EPS ($) (1.17) – n/m Adjusted basic EPS(1) ($) 0.16 0.22 (27) EBITDA(1) 1,588 1,679 (5) Adjusted EBITDA(1) 1,777 1,812 (2) Capital expenditures(2) 678 678 – Cash provided by operating activities 1,342 1,166 15 Free cash flow(1) 545 535 2 Telecom subscriber connections(3) (thousands) 17,946 16,923 6 Healthcare lives covered (millions) 158.9 157.1 1

Notation used in the table above: n/m – not meaningful.

(1) These are non-GAAP and other specified financial measures, which do not have standardized meanings under IFRS Accounting Standards and might not be comparable to those used by other issuers. For further definitions and explanations of these measures, see 'Non-GAAP and other specified financial measures' in this news release. (2) Capital expenditures include assets purchased, excluding right-of-use lease assets, but not yet paid for, and consequently differ from cash payments for capital assets, excluding spectrum licences, as reported in the consolidated financial statements. Refer to Note 31 of the consolidated financial statements for further information. (3) The sum of active mobile phone subscribers, connected device subscribers and internet subscribers, measured at the end of the respective periods based on information in billing and other source systems. Effective January 1, 2026 with retrospective application to January 1, 2025, we have revised our subscriber reporting to apply a product-intensive focus on our core bundling foundation of mobility and internet and thus will no longer report TV, security and automation and residential voice subscribers. This change concentrates our disclosure on our core bundling foundation and enables us to better serve our customers, while supporting the migration from legacy products and services to integrated IP streaming, mobile-first connectivity, and smart home solutions. Effective January 1, 2026, we made certain subscriber adjustments on a prospective basis, reducing our subscriber base for mobile phones (18,000), connected devices (78,000) and internet (30,000). See Section 5.4 in our second quarter 2026 MD&A for further details.

Second quarter 2026 Operating Highlights

TELUS technology solutions (TTech)

TTech operating revenues (arising from contracts with customers) decreased by $54 million or 1 per cent in the second quarter of 2026, primarily reflecting lower mobile equipment revenue, as described below.

TTech EBITDA decreased by $22 million or 1 per cent in the second quarter of 2026, while TTech Adjusted EBITDA was relatively flat reflecting: (i) lower Other income, largely due to the impact of the comparative period's non-recurring lease and other sublease revenue; (ii) mobile phone ARPU declining at a decelerating rate; (iii) lower B2B data services revenue; (iv) fixed legacy voice decline; (v) lower mobile equipment margins; (vi) increased costs of subscription-based licences and cloud usage; and (vii) lower residential internet revenue per customer. These factors were mostly offset by: (i) subscriber base growth across mobile and internet; (ii) cost reduction efforts, including workforce reductions and synergies achieved from the privatization of TELUS Digital; (iii) security and automation growth; (iv) TV growth; (v) lower bad debt expense; and (vi) increased agriculture and consumer goods margin as a result of growth in animal agriculture revenue. In addition to the drivers discussed within TTech Adjusted EBITDA above, EBITDA also reflected an increase in restructuring and other costs of $21 million in the second quarter of 2026, as a result of cost efficiency and effectiveness programs.

Mobile products and services

Mobile network revenue increased by $20 million or 1 per cent in the second quarter of 2026, largely due to growth in our mobile phone subscriber base, supported by ARPU declining at a decelerating rate.

Mobile equipment and other service revenues decreased by $65 million in the second quarter of 2026, due to a reduction in contracted volumes, partially offset by the impact of higher-value smartphones in the sales mix.

TTech mobile products and services direct contribution increased by $21 million in the second quarter of 2026, reflecting stronger mobile network revenue and subscriber base growth. These factors were partially offset by a decline in mobile equipment margin from lower contracted volumes, in addition to mobile phone ARPU declining at a decelerating rate.

Mobile phone ARPU was $56.36 in the second quarter of 2026, a decrease of $0.22 or 0.4 per cent, as the continued positive impact of ongoing efforts to moderate ARPU declines was offset by the adoption of base rate plans with lower prices in response to continuing competitive promotional pricing targeting both new and existing customers, a decline in roaming revenues, and the commoditization of telecommunications services in the public sector. We have noted sustained growth in the adoption of unlimited data and Canada-U.S.-Mexico plans, which generate higher and more stable ARPU on a monthly basis while also offering customers greater cost certainty in lower roaming fees to the U.S. and Mexico, and lower data overage fees, respectively.

Mobile phone gross additions were 348,000 in the second quarter of 2026, reflecting a decrease of 28,000. This decrease was driven by a greater emphasis on premium and profitable loading.

Our mobile phone churn rate was 1.08 per cent in the second quarter of 2026, compared to 1.06 per cent in the second quarter of 2025. The increase was largely as a result of customer switching decisions in response to continuing marketing and promotional price competition.

Mobile phone net additions were 17,000 in the second quarter of 2026, a decrease of 38,000, driven by lower gross additions, prioritizing value-accretive customer growth.

Connected device net additions were 187,000 in the second quarter of 2026, an increase of 75,000, driven by lower deactivations in the transportation and connectivity industries.

Fixed products and services

Fixed data services revenues increased by $5 million in the second quarter of 2026, driven by growth in our internet subscriber base, and TV and security and automation revenues. This was partially offset by lower B2B data services revenue, and lower residential internet revenue per customer.

Fixed voice services revenues decreased by $13 million in the second quarter of 2026, reflecting the ongoing decline in legacy voice revenues. This was partially mitigated by the effects of our successful customer retention efforts.

Fixed equipment and other service revenues decreased by $6 million in the second quarter of 2026, driven primarily by lower premises equipment sales.

TTech fixed products and services direct contribution decreased by $4 million in the second quarter of 2026, primarily driven by legacy voice decline, lower B2B data services revenue, and lower residential internet revenue per customer. These factors were partially offset by continued growth in internet subscribers, security and automation, and TV from programming savings and higher revenue.

Internet net additions were 20,000 in the second quarter of 2026, a decrease of 7,000, primarily driven by higher internet churn, and lower gross loading.

Agriculture and consumer goods services

Agriculture and consumer goods services revenues increased by $5 million in the second quarter of 2026, largely as a result of growth in animal agriculture revenues.

TELUS Health

Health services revenues increased by $19 million in the second quarter of 2026, driven by: (i) global business acquisitions in employer solutions and retirement and benefits solutions, including the acquisition of Workplace Options in May 2025; and (ii) growth in payor and provider solutions, with strong performance in collaborative health records and an increase in recurring revenue related to our electronic medical records solutions, increased patient health records and health benefits management, and virtual pharmacy solutions. These factors were offset by an organic decline in employer solutions driven by the continued impact of prior year churn and pricing pressure.

TELUS Health direct contribution increased by $8 million in the second quarter of 2026, reflecting revenue growth as described above.

TELUS Health EBITDA decreased by $16 million or 17 per cent in the second quarter of 2026, while TELUS Health Adjusted EBITDA increased by $1 million or 1 per cent, reflecting revenue growth, as well as the ongoing realization of acquisition integration synergies. These factors were partially offset by higher indirect costs related to: (i) global business acquisitions; (ii) the scaling of our digital and security capabilities, inclusive of digital transformation; and (iii) higher regional marketing costs. The difference between the growth rate of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA is attributable to higher restructuring and other costs related to cost efficiency and effectiveness programs.

Healthcare lives covered were 158.9 million as of the end of the second quarter of 2026, an increase of 1.8 million, net of churn over the past 12 months, mainly reflecting growth in our EFAP across all of our operating regions, in addition to the ongoing demand for virtual solutions.

TELUS Digital

TELUS Digital operating revenues (arising from contracts with customers) decreased by $75 million in the second quarter of 2026, primarily attributable to: (i) client ramp-downs in our trust and safety service line, coupled with a one-time receipt in the comparative period resulting from a client's change in contractual scope; (ii) client ramp-downs in our AI and data solutions service line; and (iii) an overall unfavourable foreign currency impact on our operating results, primarily due to the strengthening of the Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar. This decrease was partially offset by an increase in service volume within our customer experience management service line.

TELUS Digital EBITDA decreased by $35 million in the second quarter of 2026, while TELUS Digital Adjusted EBITDA decreased by $17 million or 20 per cent. The decrease in EBITDA was primarily due to: (i) lower Operating revenues; and (ii) increased restructuring and other costs related to cost efficiency programs associated with client ramp-down from service delivery centres out of Europe.

2026 Financial Outlook

TELUS is providing the following updated financial guidance for the full year 2026:

2026 Guidance Previous Updated Consolidated service revenue growth 2% to 4% Flat to (2%) Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA growth 2% to 4% (2%) to (4%) Capital expenditures Approximately $2.3 billion Approximately $2.6 billion Free cash flow Approximately $2.45 billion Approximately $1.8 billion

Consolidated service revenue is now expected to be flat to negative 2 per cent for the full year, as positive trends in mobility are being offset by pressure in other parts of our business, including fixed data, TELUS Digital and slower than anticipated growth in TELUS Health.

Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA is now expected to decline by 2 to 4 per cent, reflecting lower revenue growth which no longer will offset the non-recurring benefits realized in 2025, including real estate gains, acquisition-related adjustments and favourable one-time expense reductions.

Capital expenditures for 2026 are now expected to be approximately $2.6 billion, reflecting inflation and supply chain dynamics impacting customer premises equipment, strategic investment directed towards our sovereign AI data centres, including network infrastructure upgrades and site enablement, and additional investments directed towards customer base management. These are factors specific to 2026 and are not indicative of a broader shift in capital discipline. TELUS remains committed to reducing capital intensity over the multi-year horizon and will provide an update on the next step-down with its third quarter 2026 results.

Free cash flow for 2026 is now expected to be approximately $1.8 billion, reflecting lower Adjusted EBITDA, higher capital expenditures and incremental cash restructuring charges of $100 million (relative to our first quarter update) associated with the cost transformation program.

Please see "Caution regarding
[Source link]: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/telus-reports-second-quarter-2026-financial-and-operational-results-and-resets-quarterly-dividend-to-support-deleveraging-and-fuel-long-term-growth-824663865.html


[TITLE]How Harald Haas is matching industry problems with academic solutions:
[TEXT]
Over the past few years, the UK has experienced a growing trend of academia moving to commercialise university research by creating and spinning out independent high-tech, scalable, for-profit, market-ready companies. More recently, the trend has been given added impetus by the government’s decision to provide a £2.5bn cash injection to help commercialise AI and quantum technology research and development.

The extra money is designated, in part, to help redress regional disparities between university research labs in different parts of the country, a structural fault line that is highlighted in the British government’s Independent Review of University Spin-out Companies. Until 2023, the high-tech spin-out sector was dominated by the wealthy ‘golden triangle’ of the elite universities of Oxford, Cambridge and University College London. Back then, those three seats of learning between them secured 75% of all the UK’s spin-out investments while other universities scrabbled and competed between themselves to secure something from the remaining 25% of funding available. It was messy and inequitable.

The review stresses the many economic benefits that will follow as the UK pushes on towards fully realising its ambition to become a major global player in science and technology. That goal means ensuring other universities in other parts of the UK can operate on a level playing field where innovation is concerned by enabling them to operate on a more equal footing with their wealthier and more prestigious cousins.

Furthermore, a major change in the mindsets of academics will have to be engendered where spinning out innovative new commercial companies is concerned. That may well be a challenging long-term educational process in itself. Some senior inhabitants of the groves of academe tend to be ‘small-c’ conservatives and are often wary of institutional change and are slow, or downright reluctant, to adapt to the new practices. To quote Paul Simon, they “tend to lean on old familiar ways”.

However, if they are serious
[Source link]: https://www.telecomtv.com/content/access-evolution/how-harald-haas-is-matching-industry-problems-with-academic-solutions-55978/


[TITLE]Amazon wants to launch over 5,000 satellites to build new mobile networks:
[TEXT]
Amazon plans to launch 5,105 satellites to support new mobile networks

The filing with the FCC highlights voice, data, emergency services, and Internet of Things support

Amazon Leo already has over 390 satellites in orbit, enough to launch the plans ahead of the full deployment

Amazon has confirmed its “low Earth orbit” (LEO) satellite network has submitted an application to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to deploy a constellation of 5,105 satellites which will provide voice, data, messaging, emergency services access, and Internet of Things support for under the Amazon Leo Direct-to-Device (D2D) project.

The application follows Amazon’s merger with Globalstar, acquiring the US satellite telecommunications company’s operations, infrastructure, and global licenses and authorizations.

This step into orbit will see Amazon Leo’s existing satellites work alongside the Globalstar HIBLEO and C-3 satellite constellations, kicking off early D2D project support ahead of approval for the full network of comsats.

Latest Videos From TechRadar Watch full video here:

High-speed, low-latency

Much like Starlink, the Amazon Leo network is intended to bridge the connectivity gap between cities and remote communities. It aims to deliver high-speed, low-latency broadband for domestic and enterprise markets, as well as governments, with consumers gaining connectivity via the Leo Nano, Leo Pro, and Leo Ultra high-performance antennae. Meanwhile, mobile devices with satellite-capable chipsets can connect to the satellites without an additional antenna.

Apple iPhones and Apple Watch models are also supported, under a previous agreement to collaborate with Apple. Amazon Leo already delivers data for Emergency SOS, Messages, Find My, and Roadside Assistant to iPhones.

Other partnerships have also been announced that feed into the D2D project. “Telecom operators like Vodafone, DirecTV, Herotel, and Australia’s National Broadband Network [...] it plans to continue working with mobile network operators and other partners to deliver on its long-term vision for space-based connectivity.”

Beyond offering connectivity to remote locations, D2D can enable data support for global fleet management, remote operations for supply chains, and IoT connectivity.

Are you a pro? Subscribe to our newsletter
[Source link]: https://www.techradar.com/pro/amazon-wants-to-launch-over-5-000-satellites-to-build-new-mobile-networks


===== Company info for companies mentioned in news =====

Company name: amazon
symbol: AMZN
market_cap: None
pe: None
enterprise_value: None
ebitda: None
revenue: None
net_income: None
cap_bucket: None
as_of: 1785636764
name: amazon
------------------------------------------------------------------

Company name: kyivstar
symbol: KYIV
market_cap: None
pe: None
enterprise_value: None
ebitda: None
revenue: None
net_income: None
cap_bucket: None
as_of: 1785636765
name: kyivstar
------------------------------------------------------------------

Company name: perella weinberg partners
name: perella weinberg partners
symbol: None
note: non-listable or generic entity
------------------------------------------------------------------

Company name: telus
symbol: T.TO
market_cap: None
pe: None
enterprise_value: None
ebitda: None
revenue: None
net_income: None
cap_bucket: None
as_of: 1785636766
name: telus
------------------------------------------------------------------

================================================================================

[TITLE]Huawei, NCCE partner to expand AI, digital education in Nigeria:
[TEXT]
From Left to Right: DMD of Huawei Nigeria, Mr. Jim Zhang; Executive Secretary of NCCE, Mrs. Angela Ajala; Director of ICT Marketing and Solution, Huawei Nigeria, Mr. Yongqiang Tian; and Director ICT, NCCE, Dr. Pius Omosehwofa. Credit: Huawei

Huawei Technologies Nigeria Limited and the National Commission for Colleges of Education have signed a Memorandum of Understanding to expand artificial intelligence initiatives and accelerate digital education across Nigeria.

The agreement was signed on Thursday at the third Huawei Education Summit 2026 in Abuja.

The one-day summit, according to a statement made available to PUNCH Online on Friday, brought together education regulators, university administrators, state government officials and technology experts to discuss strategies for preparing Nigerian graduates and institutions for an increasingly digital and AI-driven global economy.

Speaking at the event, Deputy Managing Director of Huawei Technologies Nigeria, Jim Zhang, said emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence, cloud computing, cybersecurity and smart learning had transformed industries, making it imperative for educational institutions to adapt.

“Universities and colleges must equip students with practical digital skills and innovative mindsets so they can compete globally,” Zhang said.

The Executive Secretary of the National Commission for Colleges of Education, Dr Angela Ajala, described Huawei as a dependable partner, noting that thousands of lecturers and students had obtained internationally recognised ICT certifications through the Huawei ICT Academy Programme.

She said the renewed partnership would establish a Digital Academy at the commission to provide continuous training for lecturers, students and other education stakeholders.

“Our job is to ensure that no Nigerian child’s future depends on whether their teacher happens to have encountered technology,” Ajala said.

She disclosed that the commission had reviewed its curriculum to introduce specialised programmes in Artificial Intelligence and Robotics Education, Networking and Cybersecurity Education, Data Science and Analytics Education, as well as Software and Web Development.

The summit also featured discussions on digital infrastructure, smart campuses and ICT funding.

Director of Information and Communication Technology at the Tertiary Education Trust Fund, Mr. Joseph Odo, stated that “TETFUND now regards ICT as a strategic priority rather than a support function and has increased funding to ₦150 million for universities and ₦100 million for polytechnics and colleges of education.”

“The resources are intended to equip institutions with tools for modern teaching, learning and research, with continued emphasis on digital systems, specialised centres, capacity building and public-private collaboration,” the statement read.

The event ended with awards presented to students and institutions that represented Nigeria at the 2025–2026 Huawei ICT Competition in Shenzhen, China.

Beneficiaries included students from Ahmadu Bello University, Igbinedion University Okada, the University of Lagos, the University of Port Harcourt, Nasarawa State University and the Federal University of Technology, Minna.
[Source link]: https://punchng.com/huawei-ncce-partner-to-expand-ai-digital-education-in-nigeria/


[TITLE]VC Money Floods Into U.S. Nuclear Startups as AI Power Demand Explodes:
[TEXT]
Global VC funding for nuclear fission and fusion startups has already topped $4.5 billion across 81 companies in 2026, on pace to beat 2025's $6.2 billion record.

Venture capitalists are taking a major interest in nuclear energy start ups. Funding is surging for both nuclear fusion and fission firms as the technology becomes an increasingly essential part of a feasible pathway toward sustainable energy security in the face of the artificial intelligence boom.

According to reporting by Axios, global investment in both fission and fusion has topped USD $4.5 billion across 81 companies in 2026 so far. At this pace, by year’s end, this year will shatter 2025’s previous record of $6.2 billion for 93 companies.

Data center hyperscalers are driving up energy demand projections to previously unthinkable levels that will require an all-of-the-above approach to energy development that is likely to prominently feature nuclear energy as a round-the-clock source of zero-emissions electricity. In the United States, the public and private sectors alike are extremely bullish on the technology and clearly eager to usher in a new nuclear era. As a result, the majority of this year’s funding surge is going to U.S. companies.

Big Tech has taken a particular interest in expanding nuclear energy deployment and technological advancement to feed its own ballooning energy needs. Some of the tech sector’s biggest names, including Bill Gates and OpenAI’s Sam Altman, are major investors in and advocates of nuclear fusion as an answer to AI’s ballooning energy problem. "There's no way to get there without a breakthrough," he said at the 2024 World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. "It motivates us to go invest more in fusion."

Set OilPrice.com as a preferred source in Google here

The Trump administration, too, is a major proponent of nuclear energy expansion, with a particular focus on next-gen nuclear technologies as part of a broader push to "reestablish the United States as the global leader in nuclear energy” and “produce lasting American dominance in the global nuclear energy market.” To this end, Executive Order 14301, signed by Trump in May 2025, mobilizes significant resources from the U.S. Department of Energy’s Reactor Pilot Program to fast-track the testing and commercialization of advanced nuclear technologies in order to bring them to scale.

These advanced technologies include nuclear fusion as well as small modular reactors (SMRs) which hold major promise for overcoming some of the hurdles that have been causing nuclear energy to fall out of fashion in the United States. Traditional nuclear power plants are enormously costly and face long timelines and miles of red tape to come online. The country’s most recent traditional nuclear power plant, Georgia’s Plant Vogtle, finally came online years late and billions over budget. The hope is that modular and alternative technologies won’t face the same issues, as they can be built offsite relatively cheaply.

SMRs are still an emerging technology. While one SMR design has been officially approved for development in the United States, and many more firms are seeking approval for their plans, zero SMRs have yet come online in the country. “The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission took
[Source link]: https://oilprice.com/Energy/Energy-General/VC-Money-Floods-Into-US-Nuclear-Startups-as-AI-Power-Demand-Explodes.html


[TITLE]Amazon Completes $50 Billion Investment in OpenAI:
[TEXT]
Amazon completed a $50 billion investment in OpenAI that the two companies announced in February.

By completing this form, you agree to receive marketing communications from PYMNTS and to the sharing of your information with our sponsor, if applicable, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions .

Complete the form to unlock this article and enjoy unlimited free access to all PYMNTS content — no additional logins required.

Amazon said in a Friday (July 31) filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission that after entering into the agreement and investing $15 billion during the first quarter, it invested another $13.7 billion in the second quarter and the remaining $21.3 billion of its commitment sometime after June 30.

OpenAI announced Feb. 27 that it raised new funding that included $50 billion from Amazon. The company said that as part of the deal, Amazon Web Services (AWS) would become the exclusive third-party cloud provider for OpenAI’s Frontier program and OpenAI would expand prior infrastructure agreements with AWS that could total $100 billion over eight years.

In its own Feb. 27 announcement of its investment in OpenAI, Amazon said the $50 billion investment would start with an initial $15 billion, which would be followed by another $35 billion within months “when certain conditions are met.”

The Information reported in February that those conditions could include whether OpenAI goes public or if it achieves artificial general intelligence (AGI), a term for AI that functions at the same level as humans.

In a Friday report that flagged Amazon’s SEC filing saying it completed the investment, The Information noted that OpenAI has not gone public and said that Amazon did not specify why it made the remaining investment.

It was reported Wednesday (July 29) that OpenAI’s flagship product, ChatGPT, is approaching 1 billion weekly active users. While this milestone came seven months later than the AI startup had initially projected, it made ChatGPT one of the fastest-growing apps in the history of the internet, as it achieved this scale in under four years.

On Thursday (July 30), OpenAI cut the price of two of its models and accelerated the performance of a third model while leaving its price unchanged. The company said that it made these changes to improve the models’ performance per dollar across enterprise workloads.

“We are building a resilient infrastructure portfolio and matching each workload to the systems best suited to run it,” OpenAI said in a blog post. “That approach supports both ends of the price-performance curve.”

For all PYMNTS AI coverage, subscribe to the daily AI Newsletter.
[Source link]: https://www.pymnts.com/news/artificial-intelligence/2026/amazon-completes-50-billion-dollar-investment-openai/


[TITLE]'Show me the money!' - Why Wall St and Silicon Valley are having a Jerry Maguire moment over AI:
[TEXT]
Tom Cruise in the iconic 'show me the money' scene from Jerry Maguire.

META’S CEO HAS spent the past few weeks bigging up his company’s approach to Artificial intelligence.

In an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal he said his company was committed to AI that would empower individuals, drive invention and improve the balance of power:

“If superintelligence is widely distributed, then I believe we will see more jobs in the future, not fewer,” Mark Zuckerberg wrote.

“It will be significantly easier to start businesses without raising large amounts of capital. I expect the economy will become more entrepreneurial with a greater number of people working at small businesses rather than larger companies.”

Nice vision, but how much will this sort of thing cost Meta?

The answer is around $145 billion this year. Investors weren’t thrilled with this, and Meta stock fell by nearly 8%.

There are other reasons for these jitters of course; Meta missed earning expectations, has racked up $2.4 billion in legal charges, and spent over $1billion in restructuring and severance costs following layoffs announced earlier this year.

But Meta isn’t the only big tech giant feeling the pressure. Shares in Google’s parent company Alphabet fell after it revealed another enormous increase in spending on AI infrastructure.

Shares in major chip firms like Nvidia Samsung Electronics and SK Hynix have also fallen sharply in the US and Asia as a sell-off in artificial intelligence-related stocks deepened.

In total, the share price of Magnificent Seven (Nvidia, Microsoft, Alphabet, Amazon, Meta, Apple, and Tesla) tanked by $797 billion last week as AI skeptics dumped their stocks.

Zuckerberg talking to Donald Trump during the UFC event at the White House last month. Alamy Stock Photo Alamy Stock Photo

Changing mood

The AI mood music is changing – for investors at least. The question is no longer whether AI will transform the economy, but whether the companies spending hundreds of billions of dollars building it can afford to pay the bill.

History is littered with technologies that transformed society while disappointing the investors who financed them.

Advertisement

The current AI investment boom bears remarkable similarity to the overinvestment in railways prior to the panic of 1873, when over-speculation on the industry let to a stock market collapse and a subsequent depression that lasted decades in Europe and North America.

Artificial intelligence has also developed an unusual and risky financial structure. The same handful of technology companies are investing in AI start-ups, selling them cloud computing services, providing them with chips, buying stakes in one another and then using the resulting revenues to justify building even more data centres.

Again, there’s a parallel with railways here. Victorian railway companies became financially intertwined through mergers, leases, guarantees and overlapping ownership structures.

'Railway King' George Hudson. Alamy Stock Photo Alamy Stock Photo

George Hudson, the Sam Altman of his day, was celebrated as the Railway King. But his real genius—and ultimately his downfall—was designing financial structures that kept investment circulating through the railway system, even when commercial returns couldn’t keep pace.

So it’s no surprise that investors are looking for more than a good narrative from Silicon Valley. It’s a Jerry Maguire moment where they’re channelling Cuba Gooding Junior and shouting “show me the money!”

There’s plenty of money going into AI infrastructure. According to Bloomberg, Amazon, Microsoft, Alphabet and Meta are expected to spend around $725 billion this year building AI infrastructure.

Those investments are supporting construction jobs, electricity companies, chip manufacturers and cloud providers. In fact, some economic commentators argue that AI infrastructure spending is now responsible for much of America’s economic growth. Remove it, and the US economy would suddenly seem worryingly anaemic.

Even Open AI’s Sam Altman said last year that investors are over excited in the AI market, comparing it to the .com bubble of the late 90s. “Are we in a phase where investors as a whole are overexcited about AI? My opinion is yes,” he said. “Is AI the most important thing to happen in a very long time? My opinion is also yes.”

The bubble

But this bubble differs from other recent bubbles – the risk is institutional not personal. Most speculative bubbles have day to day evangelists. We’ve all met taxi drivers who dispensed stock tips, colleagues who boast about crypto wallets, or distant relatives that bought apartments off the plans in some place like Bulgaria.

This AI boom has no queue of ordinary investors scrambling to buy shares in OpenAI. Cheap money is not the accelerant this time. Corporate FOMO is.

Perhaps the reason for stock price jitters is that investors are now questioning the techno optimist narrative from Silicon Valley. They’ve heard the promises of a boom in productivity, and been impressed by the frontier models, now they want to interrogate accounting. They know that changing the world and making money from changing the world aren’t always the same thing.

Meanwhile, Mark Zuckerberg is still spinning his great vision. “The arc of human history has bent toward putting more power in people’s hands,” he expounded in his Wall Street Journal piece.

“If these values lead the way, then I am optimistic that we can build a positive future for everyone.”

That’s all very well, Mark. But don’t forget to show your investors the money.
[Source link]: https://www.thejournal.ie/wall-st-analysis-ai-7118850-Jul2026/


===== Company info for companies mentioned in news =====

Company name: amazon
symbol: AMZN
market_cap: None
pe: None
enterprise_value: None
ebitda: None
revenue: None
net_income: None
cap_bucket: None
as_of: 1785636769
name: amazon
------------------------------------------------------------------

Company name: huawei
symbol: 180605.SZ
market_cap: None
pe: None
enterprise_value: None
ebitda: None
revenue: None
net_income: None
cap_bucket: None
as_of: 1785636769
name: huawei
------------------------------------------------------------------

Company name: openai
name: openai
symbol: None
note: no reliable listing found
------------------------------------------------------------------

Company name: u.s. nuclear startups
name: u.s. nuclear startups
symbol: None
error: 422 Client Error: Unprocessable Entity for url: https://finnhub.io/api/v1/search?q=u.s.+nuclear+startups&token=d36pnjpr01qtvbtinv3gd36pnjpr01qtvbtinv40
------------------------------------------------------------------

================================================================================

